============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2021-02-17) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2020-02-17 14:00 UTC
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Note URI: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2020-09-30_Atlantic

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:05 UTC. 

Roll Call 
===========
* Attending: 
* Regrets:
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Nat)
===========================
* 

External Organizations (Nat)
================================
W3C Web Payment Interest Group (John)
--------------------------------------

Australia (Dima/Stuart)
----------------------------------

Berlin Group (Francis)
---------------------------

Brazil (Chris/Ralph)
----------------------

Canada (Ralph)
------------------

UK (Chris/Ralph)
-----------------

Events (Nat)
======================

1st call of GOFCoE WG
------------------------


KuppingerCole Event on March 3
------------------------------------
* https://www.kuppingercole.com/events/identity-fabrics-future-proofing-iam
* March 3. 
* On FAPI 2.0 and FAPI 1.0 differences


FAPI 1.0 Updates (Nat)
===================================
* 

FAQ and Roadmap Updates (Dave)
==================================
FAQ
-----
Current draft: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Fo44L_wM4TIMxF3f1xowNWdlqEqZkZdjAyd1pAtab9U/edit

No updates for this week. 

FAPI 2.0 Release communication
------------------------------------
Short document that refers to FAQ
Don to draft first cut?
Feb 3. 

Drafts updates (Nat)
===========================

FAPI 2.0 Baseline
------------------------------------
* FAPI Baseline 2.0: Just pending the release communication. 
* the working group last call - 27th Jan to 3rd Feb
* first public draft for the vote - 17th February
* implementers draft approval - 3rd April (45 days after vote starts)

FAPI 2.0 Signing
------------------------------------
Call for adoption: TBC, Nat to consult with Dave

FAPI 2.0 Advanced
------------------------------------
first implementers draft: dependent on signing

Subgroup Reports (Nat)
======================
Grant management
------------------------------------
* Call for adoption: mid-February
* A dedicated call for the presentation of grant management to WG: 17th February 14:00 GMT
* Working group last call: end July
* First public comments: Aug 1 - Sept 15

Hypermedia login API (Travis)
------------------------------



PRs (Dave)
========================
No time. 

Issues (Dave)
=====================
No time. 

AOB (Nat)
==========================
n/a

The meeting was adjourned at 15:00 UTC.


Chat Log
============