============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2017-04-26)
============================================
Date & Time: 2017-04-26 14:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 15:10 UTC. 


The meeting was called to order at 15:10 UTC. 


Roll Call
===========
* Attending: Nat, Bjorn, Dave, Henrik, Joseph, Paul, Tom

* Regrets: John, Tony, Anoop

Adoption of the Agenda (Nat)
==================================
* Adopted modified

Issues 
========

Pull requests
----------------
* #80, #81
* #60, #86, 
* #72 : Close it. 
* #77, #78: Add brief description in the intro, and details in the security considerations in Part 2. 
* #80: Nat to make the change rather than waiting a pull req from Pam
* #82: 
* #84: Joseph is going to make pull requests. 


External Orgs
================

UK OBS (Dave)
-------------------------
* Good call on Monday with OBS and Dave, Nat, John. 
* Explained the split. 
* UK is developing their own data payload and endpoints
    * e.g. https://www.openbanking.org.uk/developers/
    * https://developer.openbanking.org.uk/open-data/api-console/
    * https://github.com/OpenBankingUK/opendata-api-spec-compiled
* UK OBS to adopt modified FAPI for the begining with the roadmap to comply later
* May 23 workshop
* OBS hoping to join FAPI, under legal check now. 

ISO/TC68 (Paul)
-------------------
* 


Starling Bank (Dave)
----------------------
* TOauth
* Came up with OAuth 2.0 API. 
* re: #77, #78
* Nat to send Torsten's draft to the list. 
* Dave to start using it to persuade banks. 

Mobile Connect (Dave)
-----------------------
* Mobile Connect being introduced as strong customer authentication by Banks. 
* Modrna has relationship with CPAS 
* Back Channel Authentication -- two proposals. 
    * CIBA
* Two joint workshops May 11, 12. 

Euro Retail Payments Board (Dave)
-------------------------------------
* https://www.ecb.europa.eu/paym/retpaym/euro/html/index.en.html
* Need to create report by June. 
* Establish formal rel. with them? 
* Dave will meet with them next week. 

Others
------------
* https://leveloneproject.org/

AOB
===========
Next Call (Pacific)
-----------------------

Meeting was adjourned at 15:05 UTC.