============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2018-06-13)
============================================
Date & Time: 2018-06-13 23:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 23:20 UTC. 

Roll Call
===========
* Attending: Bjorn, Nat, Tony, Edmund, Sarah
   * Guest: 
* Regrets: 

Adoption of the Agenda (Nat)
==================================
*  Adopted as is. 

New Name for the WG (Nat)
===========================
* Financial-Grade API WG

Implementer's Draft (Nat)
==========================
Nat explained the current status on the Implementer's draft. 
A few conflicting pull requests still need to be merged in. 
Also, there are a few outstanding issues to be closed. 

Once they are done, we are going to the second implementer's draft. 

Any fresh eyes read are welcome. 

Pull Requests (Nat)
=====================
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/

Nat went over the outstanding pull requests. 


Issues
===========
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues?status=new&status=open

The call went over the new issues. 

* #146 - Fraud Indicator Standards and Signed Communication Mechanism of them.
* #147 - Anonymous Point of Sale Backchannel Authentication

For #147, the call participants agreed to start a new work. Sarah volunteered to be the main editor. Tony also volunteered. Nat promised to involve his team as well. 

AOB
===========
* SC 27 meeting in Gj√∏vik needs logistical attention. 

Next Call
-----------------------
The next call is scheduled to be in the Atlantic time zone. 

* The meeting was adjourned at 23:56 UTC.