============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2019-09-11) 
============================================
Date & Time: 2019-09-04 14:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:05 UTC. 

Roll Call
===========
Attending:
--------------------
Bjorn
Dave
Brian
Dima
Kosuke
Nat
Rob
Stuart
Torsten
Chris

Regrets: 
---------------------    

Adoption of the Agenda (Dave)
==================================


External Organizations
=======================

Australia (Dima/Stuart)
-------------------------

Dynamic Registration  - decision has been made to use this.
They are looking at UK design around software statement assertions for their own directory.

A call is being arrange with Data61 - Nat to get Don to liaise.

Stuart and Dima thanked the working group for their contributions.

Pull Requests
===============
https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/138/torsten-lodderstedt-pushed-request-uri/diff
Ok to be merged.

https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/139
Merged, but Torsten to let Taka know

https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/140
Discussion on the PR
Joseph and Nat to review and approve prior to it be merged.


Issues
===============
https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/265/guidance-on-the-request-uri-structure
Agreed to leave open and carry over to IETF

https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/266/enforce-request-object-signing-alg
This was discussed and is to be picked up in OAuth JAR

Draft Statuses
==================
Pushed Request Object(Torsten)
------------------------------------------------------------
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/src/master/Financial_API_Pushed_Request_Object.md

We went through pull requests and issues - ready for this to be submitted to the IETF.


AOB
==========================

The meeting was adjourned at 14:58 UTC.