============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2017-01-10)
============================================
Date & Time: 2017-01-10 23:00 UTC 
    (15:00 PDT, 23:00 UK, 00:00 Denmark, 08:00+1 JST)

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum::
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 15:05 UTC. 

Roll Call
=============
* Present: 
* Regrets: 
* Guest: 

Adoption of the Agenda (Nat)
===============================
* Adopted. 

Implementer's draft Part 1 (Nat)
==================================
* Public review has been started. 
* Details can be found at: http://openid.net/2016/12/19/public-review-period-for-financial-api-part-1-read-only-api-security-profile-started/

Working Drafts
===================

    * Financial_API_WD_001.md Financial API - Part 1: Read Only API Security Profile
    * Financial_API_WD_002.md Financial API - Part 2: Read and Write API Security Profile
    * Financial_API_WD_003.md Financial API - Part 3: Open Data API
    * Financial_API_WD_004.md Financial API - Part 4: Protected Data API and Schema - Read only
    * Financial_API_WD_005.md Financial API - Part 5: Protected Data API and Schema - Read and Write

Part 2: Read & Write API Security Profile (Nat)
------------------------------------------------------------
* `Part 2: Read & Write API Security Profile <https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/src/master/Financial_API_WD_001.md>`_
    * https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/src/master/Financial_API_WD_002.md 

* Nat has started to add previously identified requirements onto the drafts. 
* For request objects, it is currently referring the section 6 of OIDC, but if OAuth JAR emerges as RFC, we should use it instead. 

Issues (Nat)
=========================

* On Dec. 21, bunch of editorial issues against Part 1 were filed. They should be applied against the draft before voting. 

Events
=============

CIS (John)
----------------------


External Orgs
==================

FS-ISAC DDA (Anoop)
--------------------
* DDA group is now closed to fintech companies. We should request a formal relationship. Anoop and Nat will work on it offline. 
* It seems to be a good idea to follow up with individual banks etc. as well. 
    * Nat will follow up with Bob Blakley at Citi. 
    * Tony will follow up with EMV. 

OFX (Anoop/Brian)
------------------

JP Fintech Association (Nat)
-----------------------------

ISO/TC68 (Nat)
-----------------
* On hold now for other priorities. Will resume in the new year. 

X9 (Anoop/Nat)
--------------
* Intuit has a team working on standardization and Anoop will follow up with them in the new year. 

AOB
========

Next Call (Atlantic)
--------------------------
* 2016-12-07 15:00 UTC
    (07:00 PDT, 15:00 UK, 16:00 Denmark, 00:00+1 JST)
** PLEASE NOTE THE NEW TIME: It is one hour earlier.