============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2021-08-25) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2020-08-25 14:00 UTC
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Note URI: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2021-08-18_Atlantic

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:__ UTC. 

Roll Call (Dave/Nat)
======================
* Attending: 
* Regrets:
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Dave/Nat)
================================


Events (Dave/Nat)
======================
EIC (Dave)
---------------------
*Workshop presentation: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/13KT5IEXh65IJiLnW5cPYKe4cterLhupaI4tYEstcbIo/edit?usp=sharing
* Proposed workshop timetable: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IrV_s7djw6tm1Q7iZbfGikqj-DhsgL3loffNCPSPxJg/edit?usp=sharing


OAuth Security Workshop (Daniel)
-------------------------------------
* Virtual event planned for Nov 30 -  Dec 1, 2021
* https://barcamps.eu/osw2021/


External Organizations (Dave/Nat)
===================================

Australia (Dima/Joseph)
------------------------------------
CDR team request for 

Berlin Group (Francis/Mike.L)
--------------------------------


Brazil (Mike)
---------------------------
* Missed Ph.2 deadline. Still processing. 
* Phase 3 development is underway. Production environment expected later today including signed request/response. 
* Support for OIDF to create an RP community group. Miro will be providing direct funding to support it. Coaching and RP Certification. Once that is done, it is expected to be mandated. Filip will re-join the certification team for the RP CG. 

FDX (Don)
------------------
* No update this week.  


UK (Ralph/Chris)
--------------------
* CMA9 is mandated to implement VRP by Jan for sweeping use cases. 
* CMA published consultation due on Sept on next on OBIE. 
* Series of updates to Open Banking standard on ver.3.1.9 with minor update toward end of Sept. This is the last planned update. 
* CMA9 is moving slow on the certification. Further delay expected. 


Russia (Don/Dima)
--------------------
* Potentially doing official translation in Russian. 


PRs (Dave/Nat)
=================
n/a

Issues (Dave/Nat)
=====================




AOB (Dave/Nat)
=================
Please vote for CIBA Final. Voting link: https://openid.net/foundation/members/polls/241


The call adjourned at 15:__ UTC