============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2022-01-05) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2022-01-05 14:00 UTC
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Self: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2021-12-15_Atlantic
.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:__ UTC. 

Roll Call (Dave/Nat)
======================
* Attending: 


* Regrets: Dave
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Dave/Nat)
================================
* 

Events (Dave/Nat)
======================
CFP for Identiverse
--------------------------------



External Organizations (Dave/Nat)
===================================
Australia (Gail/Dima/Joseph)
------------------------------------
Started in the certification group on what they might be able to do for FAPI 2.0 Baseline test. 

Brazil (Mike L.)
---------------------------
Increase in RP certification. 
Domingos and Markus had real positive impact. 
Open Banking Brazil milestones are quite fluid. 


Berlin Group (n/a)
--------------------------------
n/a

FDX (Gail)
------------------
Blog post on FAPI 1 v.s. 2. 

The Middle East and North Africa (Ali)
---------------------------------------
Received the draft MOU today.

Mexico (Gail)
------------------
n/a

NIST
--------------
NIST IR 8389 is now available for comments. 
See http://lists.openid.net/pipermail/openid-specs-fapi/2022-January/002514.html for more details. 

Russia (Dima/Mike)
--------------------
n/a

UK (Chris)
--------------------
n/a

GAIN (Gail)
---------------
Participation agreement
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
It is being worked on by Gail and Tom. 

Don is now reviewing it. 

G5
~~~
Consensus on MOU among the five. 
Now socializing with their boards. 

Roadmap (Don)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Identifying participants. 



FAPI DCR/M (Dynamic client registration and Management) (Joseph)
====================================================================


Grant Management (Dima)
=============================


PRs (Nat)
=================


Issues (Dave/Nat)
=====================


AOB (Nat)
=================
Next Meeting (Dave/Nat)
-------------------------



The call adjourned at 14:__ UTC

Chat Log
-----------