============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2021-09-29) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2020-09-29 14:00 UTC
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Note URI: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2021-09-08_Atlantic

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:03 UTC. 

Roll Call (Dave/Nat)
======================
* Attending: 
* Regrets:
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Dave/Nat)
================================


Events (Dave/Nat)
======================

Authenticate/FIDO (Gail)
---------------------------
Authenticate happening on Oct. 18-22. 

Link: https://fidoalliance.org/event/authenticate-2021-conference/

IIW
------------

External Organizations (Dave/Nat)
===================================
ISO/TC 68 (Nat/Dave)
-----------------------------

Australia (Dima/Joseph)
------------------------------------
OIDF to work on assessment for AAAC. They have provided direct funding for assessing :

* Migration from 1.0 to 2.0.
* Gaps relative to paper by OIDF in 2019 and 
* Any agreements or divergent views from recommendations in their 88 paper and decision 182
* Outlook of interoperability and future
* Other OIDF standards that may fit
* Mark Haine has agreed to help draft the paper
* MikeL will schedule call with CDR Team and ACCC to review updated outline

Berlin Group (Nat)
--------------------------------
OIDF-Note-Well : Nat explained that any OIDF publication is validated beforehand, therefore there is no such risk as Wijnand raised for the BerlinGroup.

And the text as proposed by the ODIF is approved as is.

Sub-Committee planning: We concurred that the workstream should be 2 phases :

Phase 1: Share approaches and identify requirement domains to elaborate
Phase 2: Build the requirements for the joint Initiative
 

Phase 1 will break down across 3 workshops:

Mutual presentation (ie The Berlin-Group and OIDF) on the key domains which might be beneficial for each other: 3 hours Workshop to be set during the week of Oct the 25th. To improve this first workshop, both the Berlin-Group openFinance Editor and the OIDF will share documents they have to highlight the specific areas of potential mutual interest (Action : as soon as possible)
Investigation and definition of the areas to investigate jointly
Final definition and plan requirement definitions: Plan Phase 2 (ie what and when)
 

Phase 1 is targeted to end before Christmas (2021) and here are 3 doodles (one for each of the 3 phase 1 workshops) to share with the SC members :

Mutual Presentation WS: click here
Investigation and definition: click here
Final definition and plan requirement definitions: click here

Brazil (Mike)
---------------------------
* Still processing ph.2. 
* Oct 29 Ph. 3
* On track for RP test. 
* Adding payment and DCR to RP tests
* On track to launch RP community slack channel on Sept. 27. 


Canada (Gail)
------------------
* Reached out to FDATA. 
* Election happening: both parties want to move towards open banking. 
* Will look to connect with government players and intermediaries such as FDX


FDX (Gail)
------------------
Had a follow up conversation with Don Cardinal and team before EIC.

Licensing questions regarding certification program. Three options

a) Don’t pursue licensing at this time due. Premature time. Continue as is.
b) Avoid forking of specifications and code. May entail auditing of certification program to maintain integrity, certified trust mark, etc...
c) Fully license..

Voice of the room was to avoid forking and have WG control of specifications to maintain interoperability. This only 
applies to security profile and not functional requirements.

* Gail will draft document of key facts for WG and EC

Will provide details next week.

Mike Palage asked about registering the expired “OpenID Certified” trademark. Discussion to be take offline.


Middle East and North Africa (Ali)
-------------------------------------
Don, Ali, and Gail working on setting up workshops with emphasis on FAPI and eKYC in the Middle East. 

Details to follow. 

Initially, it will be in Dubai and could extend to Saudi and Bahrain. It will be around the region.

Scheduled call with Dubai International Financial Center on Sept 29.


Russia (Don/Dima)
--------------------
* Pinging them as of now. 


UK (Fiona/Ralph/Chris)
--------------------


PRs (Dave/Nat)
=================
n/a

Issues (Dave/Nat)
=====================



AOB (Dave/Nat)
=================
None



The call adjourned at 15:00 UTC