===========================================

FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2019-01-08) 

===========================================

Date & Time: 2019-01-08 23:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 23:__ UTC. 

Roll Call
===========
* Attending: Nat, Anoop, Bjorn, Brian, Ed, Luke, Sarah
* Guests: 
* Regrets: 

Adoption of the Agenda ()
==================================
*  CIBA update. (Brian)

Data Schema (Anoop)
======================
*  Trading API Schema - Sent email with questions (Use of FAPI/FDX account entity and new trading schema)to NRI team.


External Organization
========================
*  FS-ISAC DDA - Anoop Followed up with FDX/FS-ISAC team there is a Tentative meeting planned for Monday 1/14/2019. 
* Modrana (Brian Campbell): 
* * CIBA â€“ Standardize out of bank authentication (Hint). 
* * Support de-coupled authentication (PSD2).


 

AOB
===========

Next Call
-----------------------
Next call will be an Atlantic Call. 

Next Pacific call 1/22/2019 (Due to holidays & Vacation).
* The meeting was adjourned at 23:__ UTC.