===========================================
FAPI WG Agenda & Meeting Notes (2023-02-22) 
===========================================
* Date & Time: 2023-02-22T14:00Z
* Location: https://zoom.us/j/97456084642?pwd=bTRFVzk4ZmlRK1M3bEprRlN5c3JFZz09
* Self: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2023-02-22_Atlantic

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:__ UTC. 

Roll Call (Dave/Nat)
======================
* Attending: Nat, Joseph, Mike, Brian, Daniel, Domingos, Filip, Justin, Kosuke, Michael, Nikola, Dima, Dave, Pieter
* Regrets:  
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Dave/Nat)
================================
* 

Events (Mike)
====================================================
OIDF Workshop Apr. 17
-------------------------------
* @Microsoft
* Co-chair
* WG F2F

EIC Workshop (May 9)
--------------------------
* Pre-conference during the morning. 

Internal Liaisons
======================
n/a


External Orgs & Liaisons (Mike L.)
============================================
NIST SP800-63-4 Commenting
------------------------------
* Shared Spreadsheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JHDypzbKg8x2AMfC_z4pzDBk4waVJBp2/edit#gid=970969394
* We will have a series of calls. 

Brazil (Mike L.)
----------------------
Open Finance Brazil
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
*   Continue to receive certification and recertification requests on a regular basis
*   Still awaiting feedback on the final CIBA spec for OFBR

Open Insurance Brazil
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
*   Continue to receive a steady stream of both OP & RP certification requests
*   Certification team recently provided guidance to OPIN on RP spec/testing
*   First one came in

Saudi Arabia (Mike L.)
---------------------------
* OP certification is now open. 
* 11 or 12 banks coming. 
* KSA RP testing. 
* Hosting a WS next week focusing on the KSA RP certification framework. 
* SAMA KSA FAPI Profile RP Workshop - Wednesday, February 28th at 1100 UTC â€” workshop link: https://zoom.us/j/95838096330?pwd=TTVNcTFwdkM3NUxveGZETSt2cEJhQT09

OBIE (Joseph)
-------------------
* Discussion to retire I-D 2 test started. 

PRs (Dave/Nat)
===============
request parameters via front channel clarification
-------------------------------------------------------
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/407
* Agreed to only required to clients
* According to RFC9101, client is allowed. 

Proposal to fix Issue #551
-----------------------------------
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/410

Issues (Dave/Nat)
==================
#575 Issue with http sig request/response binding
------------------------------------------------------------
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/575/issue-with-http-sig-request-response
* Justin informed the WG that all necessary parameters to be signed instead of the signature of the request, 
  and there is no need to wait for the IETF process. 

AOB (Nat)
=============
* WG agreed to proceed with the implementer's draft process for the Grant Management spec. 

The call adjourned at 14:57