============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2019-10-02) 
============================================
Date & Time: 2019-10-02 14:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:05 UTC. 

Roll Call
===========
Attending:
--------------------
Bjorn
Dave
Anthony
Brian
Dima
Filip
Joseph
Kosuke
Stuart
Torsten

Regrets: 
---------------------    
Nat


Adoption of the Agenda (Dave)
==================================


External Organizations
=======================

W3C Payments (Tony)
-------------------------

There is an interest in FAPI with regards to Web Payments
There is work underway to get OpenID Foundation involved
There is discussion around what protocol to use to sign payloads.

Australia (Dima/Stuart)
-------------------------

New standards have been released - which will be reviewed
Question about whether there was a sandbox that was conformant with the standards, there isn't yet.

Pull Requests
===============


Issues
===============


AOB
==========================

The meeting was adjourned at 14:58 UTC.