============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2016-08-31)
============================================
Date & Time: 2016-08-31 14:00 UTC
             (07:00 PDT, 16:00 Denmark, 23:00 JST)
Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum::
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:05 UTC. 

Roll Call
=============
* Nat, Dave, Edmund, Sascha, ...
* Regrets from Luis 

Adoption of the Agenda
=========================
* 


Error report coding (Sascha)
================================


External Org Relationships 
=============================

UK Groups (Dave)
------------------------------------

EBA (Dave)
-------------------

TC68 (Nat)
---------------

X9 (Nat)
------------

Dansk Bank (Henrik)
----------------------------

Other action items
--------------------

    * Nat to draft liaison requests
    * Anoop to follow up with Intuit UK Team (Next week) 

Working Draft 01
===================

* `WD1 Financial Services â€“ Financial API - Part 1: Read Only APIs <https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/src/ec8fde27efc98db7e9cd3e2a7c9d3afcd5aba01c/Financial_API_WD_001.md?at=master&fileviewer=file-view-default>`_

WD Structure (Nat)
----------------------
Open Data (Nat --> Dave)
------------------------------

New & Open Issues (Nat)
=========================
*  

Action:: 

     * All members were asked to review issues on the tracker and comment if necessary. 
          * Sascha and John will review as named reviewer. 
          * Others please review as well. 
     * Questions on DDA-Cusotmer-ID. 

AOB
========

Coming up events
---------------------
Sascha asked if there is a meeting (sync opportunities with other WGs) before IIW. 

* John pointed out that there is one being worked out and John plans to be there. 
* Unfortunately, Nat nor Tony can be there as it collides with ISO meetings. 

John asked if there is a Pre-IETF meeting as well. 

* We could conceptually. 
* OIDF used to have a room in a pre-conference day. 

Action::

    * Nat will check with Marketing committee. 
    * Develop a presentation for the occasion (not assigned yet.)

Next Call
----------
* 2016-08-31 14:00 UTC (07:00 PDT, 16:00 Denmark, 23:00 JST) 

The meeting adjourned at 