============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2021-01-13) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2020-01-13 14:00 UTC
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Note URI: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2020-09-30_Atlantic

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:05 UTC. 

Roll Call 
===========
* Attending: Nat, Don, Filip, Siva Boyalakunita, Joseph, Francis Pouatcha, Kosuke, Dima, Daniel, Steinar, Brian, Torsten, Dave, Kosuke, Chris Michael, Craig Borysowich, Bjorn Hjelm
* Regrets: 
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Nat)
===========================
* FAPI FAQ & 2021 Planning

FAPI 1.0 Updates (Nat)
===================================
Final Title confirmation (Nat)
--------------------------------
FAPI - Part 1: Baseline profile 1.0 OR FAPI 1.0 - Part 1: Baseline profile? 
In the latter case, what would JARM, Grant Management etc. go to be? 

Discussed for 20 min. 

Result: 

* FAPI Security Profile 1.0 - Baseline
* FAPI Security Profile 1.0 - Advanced
* CIBA FAPI Profile
* JARM
* OAuth Grant Management

FAQ & 2021 Planning(Joseph/Don)
--------------------------------
2021 planning. 

1. Financial-Grade API WG Roadmap (what is planned) 
2. WG FAQ (How it happens) and 
3. OpenID Foundation Calendar (when it happens)

Machine-readable certification data and new style pages are coming up. 

New look page is live: https://openid.net/certification/#FAPI_OPs

FAPI 2.0 Updates (Daniel)
===========================
x-fapi-* headers

https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues?status=new&status=open&component=FAPI2%3A%20Baseline

* #290: x-fapi-interaction-id across client to AS and RS interactions => ID2
* #282: FAPI 2.0: x-fapi-* headers => ID2
* #336: FAPI 2 Baseline - Client types => ID2
* #337: Intro text in Basline => ID1
* #346: RAR requirement may be unnecessary? => Recommendation for ecosystem, MUST for vendor? => ID1 (Torsten/Daniel)
* #348: FAPI2 Release Communication

Other Drafts
===============
Grant Management (Dima)
----------------------------
* Probably able to report next week. 
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/217


HTTP Signing (Dave)
----------------------
* DPoP style HTTP signing. 
* GNAP drafts have 6 signing mechanisms, and one of them is very similar. 


Events (Nat)
======================
UK (Chris)
-----------------
* About to go out for consultation of VRP and Sweep till End of FEb. Spec to be out in March. 
* Extended customer attributes. (Premium API). A couple of workshops. Next Wednesday and in a month time. 
* Then a short public consultation. 

Podcast on Jan 26. (Torsten)
--------------------------------

Workshop with Australia to be confirmed in a week. 

External Organizations (Nat)
================================

GLEIF (Mark)
-----------------
Try to find a suitable project to work on eKYC. 

FDX (Nat/Don)
-----------------
Intro to eKYC/IDA to FDX to be prepared. 


AOB
==========================


The meeting was adjourned at 15:10 UTC.