============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2020-07-01) 
============================================
Date & Time: 2020-07-01 14:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:__ UTC. 

Roll Call 
===========
* Attending: Nat, Don Thibeau, Mark Hsine, Kosuke, Joseph, Dave, Dima, Francis, Vinod
* Regrets: 
* Guest: Don Cardinal (FDX)

Adoption of Agenda (Nat)
===========================
* N/A

Events
===============
FDX+OIDF Workshop (Don)
-------------------------
We have a proposed date of July 21 for a workshop co-sponsored by the OpenID Foundation Financial-Grade API WG and counterparts for July 21. Don Cardinal Managing Director wanted to say a quick hello and introduce FDX

90 min. 11 AM US EST. 21st July (Tue)

Potential topics
* Security
* Certification stories -- Joseph would be able to do the demo. 


Identiverse 
----------------
* Nat delivered a speech. 

IMF Institute of International Finance (Don)
---------------------------------------------
* Next week. 
* FAPI + eKYC -- keynote for Policy Workshop

EC DGConnect (Mark)
------------------------------
* 29th 14:30 CET. He will respond to the thread. 

OSW2020 (Daniel)
---------------------
* FDX is interested in presenting. 

SIOP Virtual Meetup (Nat)
--------------------------
Great success. 105 people attended. 
As a result, a liaison agreement with DIF is being created. 

APIDays Interface
---------------------
Nat had a recorded speech just before Eve. 
Since it is not specifically to Identerati, it included some introductory material besides what was presented at SIOP Virtual Meetup. 

Movie URL: https://youtu.be/b5aaiIaYRNw

External Organizations
========================

Australia (Stuart/Dima)
-------------------------
Went live today. Big 4 and a few FinTech. 
Closed beta. 
Dima's tested the FAPI Conformance Test. 
Encrypted ID Token. 
Australian data endpoint requires an extra header but will be done. 

PAR mandatory First half 2021. 

UK (Joseph)
------------------
Still Chasing OBIE for their implementation status. 
Waiting for their answer. 
Francis commented on FAPI ML. 
Relevant ticket: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/255/certification-clarification-request

OAuth JAR (Nat)
=======================
* -24 Pushed to IETF. 


PRs for 1.0 (Dave)
====================
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/167 Not ready yet. 
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/172 Scope matching. Not ready yet. 
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/171 Approved. 
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/169 IP v4 address should be reverted. 

Please give feedback to 
https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/175


Multiple issuers (Joseph)
=================================
See UK above. 



AOB
==========================
None

The meeting was adjourned at 14:59 UTC.