============================================
FAPI WG Agenda & Meeting Notes (2023-06-07) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2023-06-07T14:00Z
* Location: https://zoom.us/j/97456084642?pwd=bTRFVzk4ZmlRK1M3bEprRlN5c3JFZz09
* Self: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2023-05-24_Atlantic

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:__ UTC. 

Roll Call (Dave/Nat)
======================
* Attending: Kosuke, Nat, Brian, Takahiko, Domingos, Peter Stanley, Lukasz, Bjorn, Victor Lu, Dima
* Regrets: 
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Dave/Nat)
================================
* Added Camara Project. 


Events (Mike L)
====================================================
Identiverse (Mike L)
-----------------------
Identiverse is next week in Las Vegas - all OIDF members have received a discount code for registration that is good through May 30th for any last-minute registrations.

OAuth Security Workshop (Daniel)
-------------------------------------
* The site https://oauth.secworkshop.events/osw2023 opened. 
* Call for papers
* Some travel information is also available. 

External Orgs & Liaisons (Nat/Mike L.)
============================================

OFBR
-----------
continue to process FAPI recertification requests. CIBA Squad recently sent updated OFBR CIBA spec which is still to be reviewed. Elcio Calefi joined us at Identiverse in Las Vegas last week where we had meaningful conversations regarding FAPI adoption and certification.

OPIN
---------
Phase 1 is finished for the most part. OPIN are now considering FAPI recertification requirements that will begin Q3 2023.

SAMA
------------
Phase 1 almost completed with final bank and fintechs to be certified. Coordinating call with SAMA to discuss next steps including Phase 2.

FDX
----------
met with FDX leadership at Identiverse last week in Las Vegas to discuss updating our liaison relationship. We also discussed FAPI certification and what that may look like in the overall FDX certification stack. Joseph provided detailed update on FAPI WG efforts.

ConnectID
------------------
ongoing conversation regarding OID adoption, certification and certification pricing.

Camara Project (Bjorn)
-------------------------
* API 
* June 1 meeting. 
* https://camaraproject.org/
* https://github.com/camaraproject


Spec Status
====================
Grant Management 
------------------------
* Vote has been announced. 


PRs (Nat)
===============
N/A


Issues (Nat)
==================



AOB (Nat)
=============
*

The call adjourned at 14:__