============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2017-04-18)
============================================
Date & Time: 2017-04-18 23:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 15:10 UTC. 


Roll Call
===========
* Attending:  Sascha, Bjorn, Brian and Anoop
* Regrets: Nat and Tony


Adoption of the Agenda (Anoop)
==================================
* Adopted agenda as it is without any change.


Issues 
========
#83 & #84 – Sascha will update the tickets. 
No updates on other Issues and many issue has not been assigned.

External Orgs
================

FS-ISAC (Anoop)
-----------------

#. May 18th & May 19th in SFO (Intuit office ) and Reston, VA (FS-ISAC office) – Onsite & video link between two location
#. Below topics :
* Openid Vs OAUTH material 
* Standards in the industry – FAPI being one of them. 
* Nat is working identifying OpenId representation for
* Bjorn is in Bay Area California.


UK OBS (Dave)
-------------------------

ISO/TC68 (Nat)
-------------------


Others
------------
* 

AOB
===========
Next Call (Atlantic)
-----------------------

The meeting was adjourned at 23:00 UTC