============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2021-10-20) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2020-10-20 14:00 UTC
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Note URI: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2021-10-13_Atlanti20
.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:__ UTC. 

Roll Call (Dave/Nat)
======================
* Attending: 
* Regrets: Francis
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Dave/Nat)
================================
* Adopted as is. 

Events (Dave/Nat)
======================
OpenID Foundation Workshop moved to December (Mike L.)
---------------------------------------------------------
It was originally planned for Oct. 21 but it collides with Authenticate so it was pushed to December 9th. 

Thursday Dec. 9 @ 9:00 AM PST

https://openid.net/2021/10/19/registration-open-for-openid-foundation-virtual-workshop-thursday-december-9-2021/

Authenticate/FIDO (Mike L)
---------------------------

https://openid.net/2021/10/11/announcing-openid-foundation-sessions-at-the-fido-member-plenary-on-thursday-october-21-2021/

External Organizations (Dave/Nat)
===================================
Australia (Dima/Joseph)
------------------------------------
N/A

Brazil (Mike)
---------------------------
* Pushed new RP test out. 
* RP community up. 
* Regulator setting an extremely aggressive schedule on the conformance test. OIDF may want to open a dialogue with the regulator to provide them with balanced information. 


Berlin Group (Nat)
--------------------------------
* Joing WS was set. 
* WS#1 : Monday Nov 15th 1pm-4pm (CET)
* WS#2: Wed Nov 24th (1pm to 4pm or 2pm to 5pm)
* WS#3: Friday Dec 10th (2pm to 5pm)
* OIDF need to send materials to read so that BG participants will be better prepared for them. 


Canada (Gail)
------------------
No updates


FDX (Mike)
------------------
* FDX is preparing a blog post to be reviewed by OIDF. 


Middle East and North Africa (Ali)
-------------------------------------
* Nov. 4 DIFC Meeting. 
* Putting together a team for local WG including banks. 


Russia (Mike)
--------------------
* Fintech association Russia/OIDF meeting is being set up. 


UK (Chris)
--------------------
* 

PRs (Dave)
=================
n/a

Issues (Dave/Nat)
=====================
#456 - Refresh Token Rotation 
-------------------------------------
* #456
* Since FAPI 2 is fully sender constrained, Refresh Token Rotation is probably not needed. 
* AU experience shows that it is a bad idea to rotate refresh tokens. 
* Agreed to put some text about recommending not to rotate refresh tokens. 
* Stuart was assigned the issue. 

#410 - FAPI and Uma 
-----------------------
* #410
* It would be good to do some analysis to see if UMA 2 can be used with FAPI 1/2.
* Part of the reason for this is that the UK Pensions Dashboard project is planning to use UMA 2
* https://blog.axway.com/industries/banking-insurance/the-pensions-dashboard
* Dave to reach out to Justin. 


AOB (Nat)
=================
None.

The call adjourned at 15:00 UTC