============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2022-03-23) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2022-03-23T14:00Z
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Self: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2022-03-23_Atlantic
.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:04 UTC. 

Roll Call (Nat)
======================
* Attending: 
* Regrets: 
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Nat)
================================
* Default agenda. 

Events (Nat)
======================
OpenID Foundation Mountainview Workshop (Mike)
----------------------------------------------------
* April 25 @ Google. 
* https://openid.net/2022/03/22/registration-open-for-openid-foundation-workshop-at-google-monday-april-25-2022/

Hybrid possibility is now under investigation. 

OpenID Foundation Berlin Workshop (Mike)
------------------------------------------
* May 10, Tue. 

IETF OAuth (Rifaat)
---------------------
* Vienna meeting is going on right now. There is an OAuth meeting tomorrow. 
* Nat highly recommended attending it though he cannot as he has a conflict. 

Internal Liaison (Nat)
================================
n/a

External Organizations (Nat)
===================================
Australia (Gail/Mike L.)
------------------------------------
n/a

Brazil (Mike L.)
---------------------------
PII in the log problem right now as test accounts are not allowed in the production environment. 

It was pointed out that it should be possible. 

Berlin Group (Dave)
--------------------------------
* Coordinating F2F. Perhaps at OSW @ Tronheim or EIC @ Berlin. 

FDX (Mike L.)
------------------
* n/a

GAIN (Mike L.)
---------------------
* Now alternating call time is set up. The next call is tomorrow at 11:00 UTC. 
* Joseph mentioned that FAPI 2.0 is being discussed for PoC. 
* Nat asked if discovery etc. is being discussed as it will be crucial for connecting different ecosystems. 
* Ralph asked if it would be using the federation spec. and mentioned that there are ecosystems looking at it. 
* Joseph replied yes and mentioned Torsten is leading the work. 

ISO/TC68 (Nat/Dave)
----------------------
* ISO/TS 14742　Recommendations on cryptographic algorithms and their use: Started
* ISO 11568　Key management (retail) -- Principles, symmetric ciphers and asymmetric cryptosystems, their key management and life cycle: DIS
* ISO 23195 Security objectives of information systems of third-party payment services: Published June 2021
* ISO/NP TS 9546 Guidelines for security framework of information systems of TPP services: Starting
* ISO/AWI 5158  Customer identification guidelines: KYC related spec. DIS. 
* ISO/AWI 5201  customer identification guidelines: QRcode/Barcode payment security. WD. 
* ISO　24366  Natural Person Identifier (NPI): Published Nov 2021. 
* ISO NP 24377 Natural person identifier (NPI) -- authentication, issuance and identification: Starting
* ISO 5009　Official organizational roles — Scheme for official organizational roles: Published Feb 2022. MA is being set up. 

The Middle East and North Africa (Chris)
-----------------------------------------
* Intro call with Saudi Central bank. 
* FAPI White paper has been read. 
* Another meeting on FAPI 1, 2 and certification in a few weeks time. 
* They are taking quite an advanced ... on certification

* Israel open banking launched. 
* Using Berling Group for account information. 

Mexico (Gail)
------------------
n/a

Nigeria (Mike)
---------------
The second session was rescheduled. 

OECD (Nat)
-------------

UK (Chris)
--------------------
* CMA is about to announce on OB. 
* Joint statement with FCA and Treasury on Open Finance and smart data with some degree of a regulatory mandate. 

USA (Gail)
----------------
n/a 


Specs (Dave)
================
Grant Management (Dima)
----------------------------------------
* Waiting to get through a few issues assigned to Stewart. 
* Target date for next implementer's draft to be discussed in the next call. 


FAPI DCR/M (Dynamic client registration and Management) (Joseph)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/466/proposal-for-fapi-dcr-dcm-dynamic-client
* No progress right now waiting for FAPI 2.0 test suit to complete. 

Advanced authorization (Dima)
----------------------------------
To be addressed after Grant Management. 

FAPI 2 Attack, Baseline and Advanced (Dave)
----------------------------------------------
Aiming to get to the first implementer's draft for the end of April. 

JARM (Dave)
----------------------------------------
* Brian has done a review and found issues and working on a PR. 
* He pointed out that it is hard to find the ISO keywords from the referenced document, ISO/IEC Directive Part 2 and suggested that we convert the document to IETF format as FAPI is not being submitted to ISO and there does not seem to be an advantage of doing so. 
* Nat pointed out that it will help some jurisdictions adopt our specifications and OIDC Core is in the process of being submitted to ISO and Tony Nadalin is working on it with the funds approved by the OIDF board.
* Nat also pointed out that depending on capitalization on keywords and the defined term is not a good practice when we consider translations to other languages as many languages do not have a parallel concept to the capital letters. ISO Directives is quite elaborated and rigid as they are taking these into consideration. 
* Later, Nat pasted the link[1] to Clause 7 of the Directive Part 2 that is defining the keywords. 

[1] https://www.iso.org/sites/directives/current/part2/index.xhtml#_idTextAnchor078

PRs (Dave)
=================


Issues (Dave)
=====================
n/a


AOB (Nat)
=================
n/a


The call adjourned at 15:00 UTC