============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2018-08-07) 
============================================
Date & Time: 2018-08-01 13:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 23:04 UTC. 

Roll Call
===========
* Attending: Nat, Brian, Ralph, Chris, Torsten, Joseph, Henrik, Sarah
* Guests: 
* Regrets: 

Adoption of the Agenda (Nat)
==================================
* 

Issues (Nat)
=================

#155: Support authorization and identity federation use cases for the same client_id (Torsten)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* #155
* Ralph: In addition to code id_token
* Brian: response_mode may be cleaner? 
    * Support from Ralph
    * response_mode was introduced to support form_post response mode. 


#156: FAPI part 2 - request_uri mandatory or optional?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
#156, assign to Torsten to come up with the clarification text. 

#157: FAPI part 2 - public clients and mTLS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
#157, assign to Torsten to come up with the clarification text. 

#158: FAPI part 2 - request object for public clients (signing key?)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
#158, assign this ticket to John. Currently, we do not know how it can be implemented. 
If we cannot come up with the text in two weeks, may remove it. 

#159: FAPI part 2 - JWE encrypted ID Tokens
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
#159 -- needs clarification on the text. 


AOB
===========

Next Call
-----------------------
Next Pacific call will go as scheduled. 

* The meeting was adjourned at 14:09 UTC.