============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2016-09-13)
============================================
Date & Time: 2016-09-13 14:00 UTC
      (07:00 PDT, 15:00 UK, 16:00 Denmark, 23:00 JST)
Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum::
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 23:05 UTC. 

Roll Call
=============
* Present: 
* Regrets: 

Adoption of the Agenda
=========================
* 

External Org Relationships 
=============================

UK Implementation Entity (Dave)
-------------------------------
* 

Federal Reserve of Minnesota (John)
---------------------------------------

ECB Consultation (Dave)
----------------------------

X9 (Paul?)
----------------
* 

Actions::
    
    * Nat to draft liaison requests
    * Anoop to follow up with Intuit UK Team (Next week) 

Branch issue/26 Error messages (Sascha)
=============================================

Working Draft 01
===================

* `WD1 Financial Services â€“ Financial API - Part 1: Read Only APIs <https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/src/ec8fde27efc98db7e9cd3e2a7c9d3afcd5aba01c/Financial_API_WD_001.md?at=master&fileviewer=file-view-default>`_   

Review Results (John, Brian)
--------------------------------
* John mainly on section 5 and 6
* Brian


Issues 
=========================

#7 Open Data (Dave)
--------------------

#16 Client Authentication -- Do we need TLS mutual authentication? (Nat)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

#28 International names for retirement savings account names (Dave/Nat)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


Action:: 

     * Concrete proposal to fix #28 needed. 
     * All members were asked to review issues on the tracker and comment if necessary. 
          * Sascha and John will review as named reviewer. 
          * Others please review as well. 
     * Questions on DDA-Cusotmer-ID. 

Events
=============
Pre-IIW (John)
----------------
 

Action::

    * Develop a presentation for the occasion (Lead by Sascha)

Pre-IETF (Nat)
-----------------

AOB
========


Next Call
----------
* 2016-09-20 23:00 UTC
     (16:00 PDT, 01:00+1d Denmark, 08:00+1d JST) 

The meeting adjourned at ______ UTC