===========================================
FAPI WG Agenda & Meeting Notes (2022-12-14) 
===========================================
* Date & Time: 2022-12-14T14:00Z
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Self: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2022-11-30_Atlantic

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:03 UTC. 

Roll Call (Dave/Nat)
======================
* Attending: 



* Regrets: 
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Nat)
================================

The next Call will be on Jan.11, 2023 (Nat)
====================================================
Calls on December 21, 28 and January 4 is cancelled. 

Events (Mike L.)
====================================================
* https://openid.net/foundation/calendar-of-events/ has been updated. 

Internal Liaisons
======================
Modrna WG
-----------------
* https://lists.openid.net/pipermail/openid-specs-fapi/2022-December/002764.html
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/mobile/issues/206/ciba-iana-actions
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/mobile/issues/210/use-of-ekyc-ida-spec-with-ciba-fapi-ciba

iGov WG
-----------
* Multiple `acr` values in requests as an array expressing a preference. 
* The WG is to consider creating a profile so that it can be tested. 

External Orgs & Liaisons (Mike L./Chris)
============================================
Brazil (Mike)
----------------

SAMA (Mike)
---------------
* Finalized KSA FAPI Profile. We expect access to the mock bank to create a certification test. 
* New milestone - initial KSA FAPI profile January 16. Three banks agreed to test the test. Feb. 1 for the production target for 12 banks to certify then. 


Drafts Updates (Nat)
============================================
Security Profile
-----------------------
* Need to merge some editorial fixes/typos

Message Signing
-----------------------
* A bunch of issues are being filed. We need to resolve them before moving forward. 
* WG members are asked to chime into the tickets early to create PRs. 

Grant Management
-----------------------
n/a

CIBA
--------
* Dave will investigate possibility of making it compatible with FAPI 1 and 2
* A joint call with Modrna WG is being planned. 

Implementation and Deployment Advice
----------------------------------------------
* A bunch of issues updated. 

Advanced Authorization
-----------------------
n/a



PRs (Nat)
===============
Closed a few. 



Issues (Nat)
==================



AOB (Nat)
=============
* Happy holidays and new year! 

The call adjourned at 15:00

Chat Transcripts
========================

Mike Leszcz - (OpenID Foundation) to Everyone	11:04 PM	https://openid.net/foundation/calendar-of-events/
Mike Leszcz - (OpenID Foundation) to Everyone	11:04 PM	mike.leszcz@oidf.org
Me to Everyone	11:08 PM	https://lists.openid.net/pipermail/openid-specs-fapi/2022-December/002764.html
Joseph Heenan (OIDF/Authlete) to Everyone	11:08 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/mobile/issues/210/use-of-ekyc-ida-spec-with-ciba-fapi-ciba
Me to Everyone	11:27 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/392
Me to Everyone	11:28 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/394
Me to Everyone	11:29 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/393
Me to Everyone	11:29 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/391
Me to Everyone	11:31 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/385
Me to Everyone	11:34 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/561/intro-need-to-be-fixed
Me to Everyone	11:36 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/559/co-ordinate-a-joint-call-with-modrna-wg-on
Me to Everyone	11:37 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/537/document-trade-offs-between-dpop-and-mtls
Joseph Heenan (OIDF/Authlete) to Everyone	11:37 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/395
Me to Everyone	11:40 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/104/user-friendly-names-and-registration-of
Me to Everyone	11:42 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/229/fapi-ciba-and-id-tokens
Me to Everyone	11:45 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/242/missing-bibliography-reference-to-fapili
Me to Everyone	11:46 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/273/security-considerations-re-large-access
Me to Everyone	11:47 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/288/fapi-wg-specs-pages-are-woefully-out-of
Me to Everyone	11:49 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/212/fapi-ciba-should-id_token-tie-itself-to
Me to Everyone	11:51 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/295/possible-support-for-embedded-sca-mode
Me to Everyone	11:52 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/260/add-section-in-the-implementation-advice
Me to Everyone	11:56 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/197/new-document-proposal-fapi-implementation
Me to Everyone	11:57 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/153/add-level-of-assurance-to-scope
Me to Everyone	11:58 PM	https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/291/remove-older-specs-from-master
Craig Borysowich (Payments Canada) to Everyone	11:59 PM	Happy holidays folks!!
Mike Leszcz - (OpenID Foundation) to Everyone	12:00 AM	Happy Holidays!
Mike Leszcz - (OpenID Foundation) to Everyone	12:03 AM	https://openid.net/foundation/calendar-of-events/