============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2021-08-11) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2020-08-18 14:00 UTC
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Note URI: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2021-08-18_Atlantic

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:04 UTC. 

Roll Call (Dave/Nat)
======================
* Attending:  
* Regrets:
* Guest: Mike Lesczc

Adoption of Agenda (Dave/Nat)
================================
* 

Events (Dave/Nat)
======================
EIC (Dave)
---------------------
Workshop presentation. 

Proposed workshop timetable: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IrV_s7djw6tm1Q7iZbfGikqj-DhsgL3loffNCPSPxJg/edit?usp=sharing

OAuth Security Workshop (Daniel)
-------------------------------------
Virtual event planned for Nov 30 -  Dec 1, 2021

Daniel is in the process of setting it up before making an official announcement.



External Organizations (Dave/Nat)
===================================

Australia (Dima/Joseph)
------------------------------------
Meeting scheduled for Tomorrow and Tuesday next week with ACCC to scope request from John Otway.


Berlin Group (Francis/Mike.L)
----------------------------
Setup some time in one of the September WG meetings to discuss how to proceed and clear IP issues on both sides.

OIDF is still performing legal review. Nat will update once there is a definitive answer from OIDF consul (Tom).

OIDF exploring ways to use the model used for the OIDF Workshop “Note Well”.  Will show the “Note Well” at the beginning and only those who have agreed to the “Note Well” will be allowed to stay. Awaiting feedback from the consul regarding this matter.

Francis and Danillo will on work on some material and present to the group for feedback.



Brazil (Ralph/Taka)
---------------------
* Last minute change on the spec. Signing is now mandated. Signed JWT. Everyone is madly implementing it. 
* Some suggestions to push back the deadline for the submission of the conformance test for Phase 3 to August 30. 
* Relying party testing meeting among the certification team planned for tomorrow. The team is considering following the UK examples. 
* We may also need to encourage the RP libraries to support FAPI. 

FDX (Don)
------------------
* Expected to adopt FAPI in the next Summit. 


UK (Ralph/Chris)
--------------------
* Ver. 3.1.9 is being published. Target release will be end of September.
* CMA supporting Variable Recurring Payment (VRP) for Sweeping transactions.. 
* Brand new payment type considered in the Roadmap, e.g., Smart Direct Debit. There is nothing similar outside of UKOB.
* Still waiting for CMA9's decision on the next step of the Open Banking IE. Still 2.5 weeks till we learn it. 

Russia (Don/Dima)
--------------------
* Russia: Russian Federation: Open API standards https://openbankingrussia.ru/open-api-standards/
* Live ecosystem with FAPI 1.0 I-D2. 
* Some certification programme. 
* Running in pilot mode, 2 banks and 1 fintech. FAPI 1.0 ID2. 99% up to the spec. Only the difference is the cypher spec. It may be mandated in 1 or 2 years. 

5.8.3.5. Криптографические ключи, используемые в протоколе TLS, и ключи протокола OIDC должны быть различными. 5.8.3.6. Должны использоваться только следующие криптонаборы: – TLS_GOSTR341112_256_WITH_KUZNYECHIK_CTR_OMAC (Р 1323565.1.020), – TLS_GOSTR341112_256_WITH_MAGMA_CTR_OMAC (Р 1323565.1.020), – TLS_GOSTR341112_256_WITH_28147_CNT_IMIT [37].

They had to write their own test suite but there may be value if OIDF could help by supporting their cypher suite. 

Dima is reaching out to see how OIDF can help.


PRs (Dave/Nat)
=================


Issues (Dave/Nat)
=====================




AOB (Dave/Nat)
=================
Please vote for CIBA Final. Voting link: https://openid.net/foundation/members/polls/241


The call adjourned at 15:__ UTC