============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2016-11-30)
============================================
Date & Time: 2016-11-30 23:00 UTC
    (16:00 PDT, 00:00 UK, 01:00+1 Denmark, 09:00+1 JST)
Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum::
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:05 UTC. 

Roll Call
=============
* Present: John, Nat, Anoop, Tony, Edmund, Henrik
* Regrets: Sascha
* Guest: 

Adoption of the Agenda (Nat)
===============================
* Adopted. 

Working Draft 02
===================

    * Financial_API_WD_001.md Financial API - Part 1: Read Only API Security Profile
    * Financial_API_WD_002.md Financial API - Part 2: Read and Write API Security Profile
    * Financial_API_WD_003.md Financial API - Part 3: Open Data API
    * Financial_API_WD_004.md Financial API - Part 4: Protected Data API and Schema - Read only
    * Financial_API_WD_005.md Financial API - Part 5: Protected Data API and Schema - Read and Write

Last call on Part 1: Read Only API Security Profile (Nat)
------------------------------------------------------------
* `Part 1: Read Only API Security Profile <https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/src/master/Financial_API_WD_001.md>`_
    * https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/src/master/Financial_API_WD_001.md
* The participants agreed that we should do the last call for a week or two. Members should file issues if they are found and they will be fixed. 

Issues 
=========================

#32: How to communicate back the partial errors to the client (Sascha)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
* #32
* Sascha sent a written note that now he is ready to start on it. 

#12: OAuth Profile should mandate per AS redirect URI for Clients with session comparison (Nat)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* #12
* The issue has been resolved for sometime and Nat will close the ticket. 

#16: Client Authentication -- Do we need TLS mutual authentication? (John)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
* #16
* There is a draft now in IETF. 

#39: 2nd WD Part 1 6.2.1 -- Comments about DDA remains (Nat)
--------------------------------------------------------------
* #39
* Editorial error. Will remove. 

#40: 2nd WD: Part 1: 6.2.1: Constraint on the InteractionId string unclear (Nat)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* #40
* Callers agreed that it should be UUID. 

#41: WD2Part1:6.2.2 Add the description of "service bureau" as a Note as well (Nat)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* #41
* Callers agreed that it is clear enough that no change is needed. 


Events
=============

API Days (Nat)
-------------------
* http://www.apidays.io/
* Sascha received the note that FAPI could have 20 minutes during a PSD2 talk of one of my company members. That would be on the 13th of December <-- Now 14th according to the schedule? 
* Nat is in touch with CA team. Need to develop slides. 

CA World Report (Sascha via Nat)
---------------------------------
* Nat reported on behalf of Sascha that Banking customers had strong interest in FAPI work. 

Cloud Identity Summit Chicago (John)
---------------------------------------
* Should put together what we can do there as a track. 

AOB
========

Change of Pacific Call time? (Nat)
-----------------------------------
* Callers agreed to make it one hour earlier so that it would be slightly easier for 
  Atlantic call participants to join if they so choose. 

Next Call (Pacific)
--------------------------
* 2016-12-07 15:00 UTC 
    (07:00 PDT, 15:00 UK, 16:00 Denmark, 00:00+1 JST)

