============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2021-06-30) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2020-06-30 14:00 UTC
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Note URI: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2021-06-30_Atlantic

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:__ UTC. 

Roll Call 
===========
* Attending: Nat, Filip, Daniel, Kosuke, Stuart, Joseph, Craig Borysowich, Brian, Lukasz, Don, Travis, Gail, Takahiko, Dima, Ralph, Mark
* Regrets: Dave
* Guest: 


Adoption of Agenda (Nat)
===========================
* Added Certification. 

Events (Nat)
======================
Identiverse
------------------------------
* unofficial @identiverse
 '21 photo collection is now officially available https://flickr.com/photos/brian-d-campbell/albums/72157719477514466 #dentiverse

FAPI Workshop hosted by Curity
---------------------------------
* https://curity.io/resources/webinars/financial-grade-apis-now-and-in-the-future

BGIN Block #3
------------------
* https://bgin-global.org/block_3/


External Organizations (Nat)
================================
Australia (Gail/Dima)
------------------------------------
Chatted with CCC on regulatory side. 

* Interested in exploring making use of certification. (CW completed)
* Due diligence. 
* Openness towards RP tests. 
* Potential for direct funding for developing AU test. 

* July 1 deadline. 19 Brands need to be compliant. (=13 legal entities) Data Holders. 

New Zealand (Ralph)
---------------------
* 

Brazil (Gail/Joseph)
---------------------
* July 15 deadline for 11? banks. 
* Govt contemplating RP tests as well. Phase 3 (Sept) for TPPs. Almost certainly. 
* BR certification is fully live. 
* Main RPs are banks. 
* Open Banking Brazilâ€™s Adoption of Financial-grade API (FAPI) & FAPI Certification https://openid.net/2021/06/30/open-banking-brazils-adoption-of-financial-grade-api-fapi-fapi-certification/

Berlin Group 
-------------------
* EIC
* Good news for Berlin Group. We are coming forward with the setup of the joint subcommittee (FAPI / BG). The suggestion went positive through the Berlin Group Task Force approval and Bruno is preparing feedback for FAPI WG.

UK
--------------
* Scheduling meeting with Fiona to share aggregated learnings. 

US/FDX
--------------
* Meeting with FDX on Friday. Paperworks for strategic partnership. 
* FDX adopting FAPI standard. 

Middle East
-----------------
* E-mail exchanges on next steps. Directed funding for workshop and Authlete coordinating. 
* Introducing OIDF to leaders in the middle east. 

Certification (Joseph)
==========================
* JARM certification 
* JARM to Final? 
* Streamlining is much appreciated. 
* Too many PDFs to sign. 
* Combination explosion problems. 

FAPI 2.0 (Dave)
===================



PRs (Dave)
===================
This week, the WG focused on FAPI 2.0. 

PR 279: Add reference to grant management API (Dave)
----------------------------------------------------------
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/279
* Approved. 
* Ralph pointed out the importance of the interoperable grant management etc. 
* Dave pointed out that it is written to FAQ  that FAPI 2.0 objectives ARE to create an interopable consent and authorisation framework that addresses management AND rich authorisation request handling.

PR 276: Add normative clause for AS to accept issuer value in aud claims
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/276
* Filip pointed out the issuer URL should be substituted with the issuer identifier. 

PR 280: Add initial acknowledgements
-------------------------------------------
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/280
* Please add your name. 

Issues (Dave)
=================
#416: RAR if scope *and* claims param not expressive enough (Travis)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#417: Shall require introspection of claims (Travis)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This is not related to #416. 


AOB
=======
* Neither Dave nor Nat is available next week so it is proposed to be cancelled. 

The call adjourned at 15:02 UTC




Chat Log
----------

23:05Filip Skokan (Auth0) to Everyone
:wave: apologies for being late

23:26Don Thibeau to Everyone
I will be representing the OpenID Foundation in the June event Ali references and will reference Financial-Grade APIs and eky

23:29Takahiko Kawasaki (Authlete) to Everyone
2nd Open Banking MENA Digi-Conference (22 June 2021) https://openbanking.gmevents.ae/

23:30Travis Spencer (Curity) to Everyone
What Brazil related tests were coming on the 28th?

23:30Travis Spencer (Curity) to Everyone
DCR?

23:30Gail Hodges (OIDF, she/her) to Everyone
Sorry no one could hear me on the voiceline.

23:32Takahiko Kawasaki (Authlete) to Everyone
Open Banking Forum (12-13 July 2021) https://openbankingboardroom.com/

23:33Stuart Low to Everyone
https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/268

23:33Joseph Heenan (Authlete / OpenID Foundation) to Everyone
Travis: The Brazil Profile tests went into beta on Friday (FAPI OP and FAPI OP DCR), they're in a test/enhance/fix phase right now, and the certification program launches on 28th on the same day the tests come out of beta.

23:34Stuart Low to Everyone
https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/266

23:35Travis Spencer (Curity) to Everyone
ah, I see @josheph

23:35Ali Adnan (Authlete) to Everyone
https://www.difc.ae/events/innovation-month/

23:35Stuart Low to Everyone
https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/275

23:42Stuart Low to Everyone
https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/274

23:46Stuart Low to Everyone
https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/266

23:48Stuart Low to Everyone
https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/273

23:50Stuart Low to Everyone
https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/270

23:51Stuart Low to Everyone
https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/269

23:52Francis Pouatcha (adorsys) to Everyone
Have to drop. Bye...

23:53Dima Postnikov to Everyone
https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/287/document-the-impact-of-grant-changes-on https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/377/grant_id_required-client-metadata https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/316/grant-management-and-incremental https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/384/sever-metadata https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/374/grant-management-query-response https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/422/grant-create-and-access-methods https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/423/refresh-token-used-as-bearer-token-for

23:53Ralph Bragg to Everyone
Bye

23:55Gail Hodges (OIDF, she/her) to Everyone
Bye

23:59Ralph Bragg to Everyone
https://openid.net/wg/fapi/charter/

23:59Ralph Bragg to Everyone
enable applications to utilize the data stored in the financial account,
enable applications to interact with the financial account, and 
enable users to control the security and privacy settings.