============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2021-12-01) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2020-12-01 14:00 UTC
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Note URI: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2021-10-13_Atlantic
.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:__ UTC. 

Roll Call (Dave/Nat)
======================
* Attending: 

* Regrets: Dave
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Dave/Nat)
================================
* FAPI DCR/M (Dynamic client registration and Management)

Events (Dave/Nat)
======================

OIDF virtual workshop (Mike L.)
--------------------------------
* Thursday, December 9th at 9 AM PT. 
* Link with registration details: https://openid.net/2021/10/19/registration-open-for-openid-foundation-virtual-workshop-thursday-december-9-2021/

GSMA (Gail/Bjorn)
---------------------
The second workshop is on Nov. 29 for deeper technical dive. 

Joseph presented on behalf of FAPI WG. 

Quite a lot of questions about eKYC. 

OAuth Security Workshop (Daniel)
------------------------------------
OAuthSecurityWorkshop2021 Unsubscribe Tue, Nov 30, 1:59 AM (1 day ago) to me Hi everyone, the OAuth Security Workshop starts in a couple of hours! This is the zoom link we'll use for the event: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/81871097591?pwd=S3U4NTlHZythZXhKa3RkOGFMVTBCUT09

OWS zoom link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/81871097591?pwd=S3U4NTlHZythZXhKa3RkOGFMVTBCUT09


External Organizations (Dave/Nat)
===================================
Australia (Gail/Dima/Joseph)
------------------------------------
n/a

Brazil (Mike L.)
---------------------------
Recording from the RP Workshop is now available:

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5-qTnZB1n8

They banned Refresh Token rotation. 

Lots of RP testing going on. (Banks and payment providers.) 
Anyone initiating faster payment or pix payment scheme has to join. 

Open Insurance 68 providers going live. Going faster. 
It is related to Phase 4 but not entirely. 

* https://openinsurance.susep.gov.br/documentos-de-referencia/

Berlin Group (Francis)
--------------------------------
n/a

FDX (Mike)
------------------
n/a 

The Middle East and North Africa (Ali)
---------------------------------------
MOU being developed. Expected to be next week. 


Russia (Dima/Mike)
--------------------
n/a

UK (Chris)
--------------------
FCA published yesterday that they have revised the position on the 90 days authentication requirement. 
TPPs has to re-obtain it but not notify the Banks. 

EBA is not in the same position. 

FCA effectively mandating dedicated API for personal and SMB accounts ... 

https://www.fca.org.uk/publications/policy-statements/ps21-19-changes-sca-rts-and-guidance-approach-document-and-perimeter-guidance-manual

Specifically see pages 14 and 17 here https://www.fca.org.uk/publication/policy/ps21-19.pdf

Mexico (Gail)
------------------
n/a

GAIN (Gail)
---------------
Tom is working on the participation agreement to the GAIN POC. 

FAPI DCR/M (Dynamic client registration and Management) (Joseph)
====================================================================
Joseph - WG interested in documenting the best practices? 

Profile of RFC 7591, 7592. 

Chris asked how much adoption/take up from the community is expected? 

Scope and proposed TOC will be provided by Joseph to the WG list to solicit comments. 

Brian pointed out that it could be harder than it may seem at the outset, esp. registry. 

Travis pointed out that Brazil learning can be brought back to the WG to be shared with the World. 


PRs (Nat)
=================
Skipped. 

Issues (Dave/Nat)
=====================
* Issue #459: Should JARM be mandated for code flow with PAR and PKCE?


AOB (Nat)
=================
none


The call adjourned at 15:02 UTC