============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2022-06-15) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2022-06-15T14:00Z
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Self: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2022-04-13_Atlantic
.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:__ UTC. 

Roll Call (Nat/Dave)
======================
* Attending: 
 
* Regrets: 
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Dave)
================================
* Whitepaper feedback. 

Events (Dave)
======================
Identiverse (Mike)
------------------------------
* F2F FAPI meeting Wednesday 6/22 normal meeting time (8AM local time)
* Remote attending available. 
* Nat, Joseph, Mike, Riffat, Dave, Brian


Internal Liaison (Dave)
================================
Security Analysis
---------------------------
* Neet to get an update offline from Gail.  

Certification (Joseph/Mike)
----------------------------
* n/a


External Organizations (Nat)
===================================
Australia (Mike L.)
------------------------------------
* N/A

Brazil (Mike L.)
---------------------------
* Outreach workshop to support Open Insurance certifications. 66 to be certified by Sept 1. 
* Open Banking Brazil finalizing CIBA spec. Early-Mid July to finalize it. Certification to work on it then. 
* Coordinating with Chicago Advisory Partners to re-certify 200 by Dec. 15, starting in Sept. 


Berlin Group (Daniel)
--------------------------------
* N/A

Canada (Gail)
-----------------
* Two sessions with Dept. of Finance. 


EU DIW ARF (Gail)
------------------
* June 9 meeting. 

FDX (Rifaat/Joseph)
--------------------
* Started a process on adopting FAPI 1.0 Part 1. 

GAIN (Dima/Joseph)
---------------------
* Next call on Thursday. 
* Listening tour on trust management going on. 

IETF OAuth WG (Rifaat)
-------------------------
* Meeting in six weeks - two official sessions and two side sessions. 
* Agenda being finalized. 
 

ISO/TC68 (Nat/Dave)
----------------------
* n/a

The Middle East and North Africa (Chris)
-----------------------------------------
* Meeting with Open Banking Saudi Arabia (SAMA) during Identiverse. 

Mexico (Gail)
------------------
* n/a

New Zealand (Mike) 
------------------------------
* 18:30 Pacific 

Nigeria (Mike)
---------------
* Follow-up call is scheduled for June 16.

OECD (Nat)
-------------
* n/a

UK (Chris)
--------------------
* n/a

USA (Gail)
----------------
* n/a 

Whitepaper (Dima)
=========================

Specs (Dave)
================
Addressing "User Interface Hijack attack" in FAPI 2? (Nat)
-----------------------------------------------------------
* https://lists.openid.net/pipermail/openid-specs-fapi/2022-May/002619.html
* Provide incentives for ecosystems to adopt FAPI 2 if addressed
* Discuss on list and next call


Grant Management (Dima)
----------------------------------------
* There are now a couple of PRs and Issues. 

FAPI DCR/M (Dynamic client registration and Management) (Joseph)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
* N/A 

FAPI 2 Attack, Baseline and Advanced (Daniel)
----------------------------------------------
* Name change PR etc. is yet to be created. 

JARM (Dave)
----------------------------------------
* https://openid.bitbucket.io/fapi/openid-fapi-jarm.html
* Need feedback before last call for final draft.
 

PRs (Dave)
=================

To be merged
----------------
* PR 341 – Grant Management
* PR 340 – JARM security properties
    * No protocol changes but to be honest about the security properties of JARM. 
    * More editorial changes like removing references that are not used. 
    * It is possible to tidy up more but perhaps it is not worth investing the time. 
    * Dave is going to send out the last call email after merging it. 


Under discussion
----------------------

Issues (Dave)
=====================


AOB (Dave)
=================
* none



The call adjourned at 15:59 UTC