============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2016-11-01)
============================================
Date & Time: 2016-11-01 23:00 UTC
    (15:00 PDT, 23:00 UK, 01:00+1 Denmark, 08:00+1 JST)
Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum::
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:05 UTC. 

Roll Call
=============
* Present: Nat, John, Edmund, Eric, Bjorn
* Regrets: Sascha

Adoption of the Agenda (Nat)
===============================
* Adopted. 

Approval of the minutes
=========================
* [[FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2016-10-18]] Approved. 

External Org Relationships 
=============================
API Days (Nat)
-------------------
* http://www.apidays.io/
* There are two tracks that are of interest to us. 
    * The STATE OF API SECURITY : OAUTH, JSON WEB TOKENS, OPEN ID Connect, UMA; 
    * BANKING APIS and PSD2 (Payment Service Delivery)
* If we want to do both, we have to have two persons. 
    * We should find out who is going to be doing OAuth, JWT, OpenID Connect and UMA. 
    * Should contact Sascha to see if he knows the CA guy. 
* The organizers: Fabnoble and OAuth.io: We should try to access them in any case. 

Fidor (Sascha)
-------------------
* Sascha contacted Fidor but I have not heard back yet.

Apigee (Nat)
-------------
* Just got connected with Saravanakmuar at LinkedIn. 

FS-ISAC (Brian C./Anoop)
--------------------------
* Aggregation work group has re-convened but there is no firm direction yet. 
* Brian will introduce the progress of this group. 

ISO/TC68 & X9 (Nat)
-------------------------
* X9 : Established
* ISO/TC68 : Todo

Others
----------
We skipped the following as we had no updates. 

* Figo (Anton)
* OFX (Anoop)
* UK Implementation Entity (Dave) 

Working Draft 02
===================

Restructuring (Nat/Edmund)
----------------------------
* Edmund almost finished splitting the document. He will push it to the repo. 

Issues 
=========================

#32: How to communicate back the partial errors to the client (Sascha/Edmund)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# issue #32
* Edmund reported that it could be done in Swagger as well using optional field etc. 
* Sascha still needs to close the ticket. 

#new: rename the HTTP header DDA-... To x-fapi- (Sascha)
-------------------------------------------------------------
* Still to be created. 

Events
=============
Pre-IIW & IIW (Sascha/John)
-------------------------------------
* It went pretty well. 
* Big topic in IIW was "Sovereign Identity"

Pre-IETF (Nat/John)
--------------------
* John has made a room request. Waiting for the response. It is only two weeks away, so we probably will not have. 
* Nat has a conflict on Wednesday so he probably cannot attend OAuth WG meeting. 
* We have to see who is going to be there. 
    * John will be there Saturday to Saturday. 
    * William probably will not be there. etc. 

AOB
========

Next Call. Shift as DST ended? 
-------------------------------
* The default time is 2016-11-09 14:00 UTC (06:00 PT, 15:00 UK, 16:00 Denmark, 23:00 JST)
  as we are pegged to UTC, but all the callers were open for shifting it 1 hour later. 
* We will continue the discussion in the list. 

