============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2017-08-08)
============================================
Date & Time: 2017-08-08 23:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 23:07 UTC. 

Roll Call
===========
* Attending: Tony, Nat, Carla, John
   * Guest: 

* Regrets: 

Adoption of the Agenda (Nat)
==================================
* Added Testing. 

External Orgs
================

FS-ISAC (Anoop)
--------------------
No updates since June 29 call. 
In the call, it was expressed that there was not too much delta between DDA spec and FAPI from FS-ISAC's point of view, and as far as the security profile is concerned, it would be good to adopt FAPI. 


Draft status and plans 
===========================
Carla has joined the editing team and is in the process of updating the language in Part 1 and 2. 
She expects to finish Part 1 and 2 by the end of this week. 

Events
================
FAPI WG and Modrna WG are planning a joint meeting on the week of either 9th or 23rd of October in London. 
If you have date preferences, please let us know immediately. 

AOB
===========
Testing
--------------
A new team has been brought in and they are evaluating the feasibility. 


Next Call (Atlantic)
-----------------------
* The meeting was adjourned at 23:28 UTC.