============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2018-11-07) 
============================================
Date & Time: 2018-11-07 14:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:__ UTC. 

Roll Call
===========
* Attending:ã€€
    * Nat
    * Bjorn Hjelm
    * Dave Tonge
    * Joseph Heenan
    * Ralph Bragg

* Guests: 
* Regrets: 

Adoption of the Agenda (Nat)
==================================
* Added Issues. 

CIBA Progress Report (Brian/Dave/Bjorn)
=====================================
* It is expected that the split will be coplete next Tuesday. 
* Reviewers needed. 

External Organizations
==========================

Australia (Ralph)
-------------------
* They are supporting ID Token but that is not linked to account number, etc., making the linking hard. 

UK Open Banking (Ralph)
-----------------------------
* 

Isues
==================
Following issues were discussed. For the details, see the tickets. 

* #110: more definition of s_hash
* #180: Behaviour of AS when presented with a non-uuid x-fapi-interaction-id is not clearly defined
* #182: 128 bits of entropy cannot give probability of guessing below 2^-160
* #183: Poor section title: 5.2.2.1 returning authenticated user's identifier Authorization server
* #184: Privacy implications of oauth-mtls due to tls 1.2 sending client certs unencrypted
* #185: PKCE or Part2 mechanisms?
* #186: BCP for OAuth 2.0 for Native Apps clause wording could be improved
* #187: Part 1 client requirements for state/nonce aren't reflected as authorization server requirements
* #188: Broken link in FAPI part 1 ID2

Next Call
-----------------------
Next Pacific call will go as scheduled. 

* The meeting was adjourned at 15:02 UTC.