============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2020-06-17) 
============================================
Date & Time: 2020-06-17 14:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:__ UTC. 

Roll Call 
===========
* Attending: Nat, Don, Mark, Bjorn, Kosuke, Brian, Dima, Daniel, Barry, Francis, Dave, Joseph
* Regrets: Chris Michael

Adoption of Agenda (Nat)
===========================
* Adopted as is. 

Events
===============
Identiverse 
----------------
* Daniel received the recording links. 

OIDF+FDX Workshop (Don)
-------------------------
* Still waiting for date. 

IMF Institute of International Finance (Don)
---------------------------------------------
* APAC time zone meeting is also being considered. 

EU FinTech lab on digital identities (Mark)
-----------------------------------------------
* 18th. Mark will be attending it. 

EC DGConnect (Mark)
------------------------------
* 29th 10:30 CET. Nat has a conflict. He will respond to the thread. 

OSW2020 (Daniel)
---------------------
* FDX is interested in presenting. 

BGIN (Nat)
------------------
BGIN Event tomorrow at 13:00 UTC. 
Agenda and registration page is here: https://bgin-global.org/event/ 

SIOP Info Exchange (Nat)
--------------------------
SIOP Info Exchange meeting is to happen on the 25th of June at 2 PM UTC. Registration page TBD. 

External Organizations
========================

Australia (Stuart/Dima)
-------------------------
Joseph had a call with them on Certification. 

UK (Chris)
------------------
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/297/open-banking-europe-jws-profile-for


Multiple issuers (Joseph)
=================================
Chased OBIE for their implementation status. 
Waiting for their answer. 
Francis commented on FAPI ML. 
Relevant ticket: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/255/certification-clarification-request

Drafts Developments
=====================
FAIP 1.0 (Nat)
-----------------------------
* Please send PR! All the issues are already assigned. 
* Dave and Joseph agreed to work on this week. 

FAPI 2.0 (Daniel)
-----------------------------
PR https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/163/add-clarification-on-mix-up-mitigation/diff
is adding issuer to the authorization response to mitigate Mix-up attack. 

Brian pointed out that adding those parameters that are not in the core specification to a profile like this is problematic. Daniel and Brian agreed to start a mail thread in OAuth WG. 

AOB
==========================
International Open Banking podcast available: PodCast: https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:6675846068485414912/

Chris Michael spoke in it. 

The meeting was adjourned at 14:59 UTC.