============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2019-09-04) 
============================================
Date & Time: 2019-09-04 14:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:05 UTC. 

Roll Call
===========
Attending:
--------------------
#. Bjorn
#. Dave
#. Nat
#. Brian
#. Dima
#. Joseph
#. Kosuke
#. Ralph
#. Stuart
#. Torsten

Regrets: 
---------------------    

Adoption of the Agenda (Nat)
==================================
* Certification


External Organizations
=======================

Australia (Dima/Stuart)
-------------------------

Priority issue: DynReg (Dima)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Dima explained briefly on the 

* DynReg and Control of Ecosystem
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/268/acds-response-regarding-oidc-dynamic

There was a lengthy discussion along what would be the approach we need to take towards the registration. 
OB approach is one, but "static approach" may also be viable, just like it was done in Yes.com trust framework. 

The callers agreed that it would be beneficial to have a document that is similar in the nature as the intent lodging document. 

Dima will take up the main editorship of the document and Ralph and Torsten will provide the current approaches for OB and Yes respectively. 

Response Letter (Nat)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Nat explained that in the Pacific call, it was agreed to send out a letter asking for a call with only high level points as going into fine details in the two weeks cycle letter exchange is not productive. 

There was no objection in the call for the approach. Ralph asked some high level officials like Nat should attend the call and Nat replied he intends to, together with Anthony Nadalin. It was mentioned that having John Bradley in the call would also be very effective. 

There was a strong sentiment among the callers that it should be recorded as it is done in the FAPI calls to support the transparency and accountability of the meeting notes although the recording is not meant to be published. Everyone agreed to it. 

Nat is going to take a stub at the drafting of the letter. 

ACDS Spec Analysis (Stuart/Joseph)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Certification team has not yet looked at the document in detail though it was brought up in the last Friday's call. 
Nat asked Joseph to nudge the team to start looking at the document just like we did in the case of Apple document. 

Next call of the certification team is Friday next week, but the review of the document should start before that. 

Open Banking (Nat)
----------------------
Nat said that he will be talking in a panel disucsison in FIN/SUM conference tomorrow and asked if there is anything that should be pointed out during the session. 

Ralph pointed out the following three points: 

* Server and client certification is essential: There is no client certification right now in OB. 
* Essential functionality for the ecosystem to work should be there. e.g., Recurring payment in the case of UK that is lacking. 
* (and performance criteria)

Draft Statuses
==================
Lodging Intent Patterns & Pushed Request Object(Torsten)
------------------------------------------------------------
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/src/master/Financial_API_Lodging_Intent.md
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/src/master/Financial_API_Pushed_Request_Object.md

Torsten suggested to take the Pushed Request Object draft to IETF as there seems to be a momentum supporting it there. 

Nat asked Torsten to send the email about the intent to the list so that he can second it. 

Implementation Practice (Joseph)
---------------------------------------
* Joseph reported that it is ready to be merged. 

Cross-Browser Payment Initiation Attack (Torsten)
-------------------------------------------------------
* Current status suffices. No further action needed. 


AOB
==========================

The meeting was adjourned at 15:15 UTC.