============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2017-02-07)
============================================
Date & Time: 2017-02-07 23:00 UTC 
    (15:00 PDT, 23:00 UK, 00:00 Denmark, 08:00+1 JST)

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum::
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 15:05 UTC. 

Roll Call
=============
* Present: Nat, John, Edmund, Henrik, Bjorn
* Regrets: Sascha, Tony, Anoop
* Guest: 

Adoption of the Agenda (Nat)
===============================
* 

Implementer's draft Part 1 voting (Nat)
====================================================
* Please vote at https://openid.net/foundation/members/polls/106

Working Drafts
===================

    * Financial_API_WD_001.md Financial API - Part 1: Read Only API Security Profile
    * Financial_API_WD_002.md Financial API - Part 2: Read and Write API Security Profile
    * Financial_API_WD_003.md Financial API - Part 3: Open Data API
    * Financial_API_WD_004.md Financial API - Part 4: Protected Data API and Schema - Read only
    * Financial_API_WD_005.md Financial API - Part 5: Protected Data API and Schema - Read and Write

Part 1: Read Only API Security Profile (Nat & Edmund)
-------------------------------------------------------------
* All the comments received during the public review was applied. 
* http://openid.net/specs/openid-financial-api-part-1.html

Part 2: Read & Write API Security Profile (Nat & Edmund)
------------------------------------------------------------
* `Part 2: Read & Write API Security Profile <https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/src/master/Financial_API_WD_001.md>`_
    * https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/src/master/Financial_API_WD_002.md 
* Content-wise, it should be complete though substantial editing is still needed to get in in shape as a spec. 
* WG please review it now. 

Issues (Nat)
=========================
* #71: (ed) The heading level of 6.2.3 is wrong


External Orgs
==================

UK OBS (Dave/John)
--------------------
* Feedback from UK OBS. They started talk about 
* 

 -- 8:29

Denmark Banking Association(s) (Henrik)
------------------------------------------
* Danish Implementation of PSD2 public consultation
* 

FS-ISAC DDA (Anoop)
--------------------

JP Banking Association (Nat)
-----------------------------

Others
--------
* X9
* ISO/TC68

AOB
========

Next Call (Atlantic)
--------------------------
* 2017-02-15 15:00 UTC
    (07:00 PST, 15:00 UK, 16:00 Denmark, 00:00+1 JST)

The meeting adjourned at 23:45 UTC.