============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2017-08-22)
============================================
Date & Time: 2017-08-22 23:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 23:07 UTC. 

Roll Call
===========
* Attending: Bjorn, Nat, Carla, Edmund, Pam, Sascha, Anoop
   * Guest: 

* Regrets: Tony, Dave

Adoption of the Agenda (Nat)
==================================
* Adopted as is. 

External Orgs
================

FS-ISAC (Anoop)
--------------------
* They are aligned. We should see a new version of their document at the end of this month. 

OFX (Anoop)
--------------
* No particular security profile there. They consume any token. 
* Not much take up. 

TC68 (Nat)
-------------
* There is a call tonight Japan time (tomorrow in UK and US). 


Draft status and plans 
===========================

Streamlining the OBUK Implementer's Draft (Pam)
----------------------------------------------------
A new repository https://bitbucket.org/openid/obuk/ was set up. 
This repository is to work on the Open Banking profile of FAPI (and Modrna, etc.). 
The current repository that Open Banking is using has no issue tracked + version controlled repository, which is making it difficult to track the changes as well as find out the diffs. 

The strategy here is to convert their current spec (called Implementer's Draft) in the markdown format without introducing any changes and commit it to the new repo, then start working on it. 

Pam has already converted their Dynamic client registration into Markdown and will commit it to the repo. 

We expect a lot of activities over the course of the week. 

Issues
-----------------
* #102 -- Nat shared the current idea around keeping `x-fapi-` in the header. Sascha commented that since the implementations are new, we may as well change it now. Pam took an action item to check back with OpenBanking people. 

Events
================
Neither the week of 9th nor 23rd Oct. seem to work. 
Shooting for the week after SC 27 (the first week of Nov.) 
It looks like Nov. 6 may work out from the chairs of the groups, but we need to check back with Open Banking people to see if it is too late. Nat took an action item to it. 

AOB
===========
Testing
--------------
The new team (fintech labs) is still evaluating the feasibility. 

Next Call (Atlantic)
-----------------------
* The meeting was adjourned at 23:35 UTC.