============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2021-02-24) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2020-02-24 14:00 UTC
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Note URI: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2020-09-30_Atlantic

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:05 UTC. 

Roll Call 
===========
* Attending: Nat, Daniel, Torsten, Takahiko, Brian, Dima, Lukaz, Joseph, DOn, Francis, Kosuke, Ralph, Brian Chris, 
* Regrets:
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Nat)
===========================


External Organizations (Nat)
================================
W3C Web Payment Interest Group (John)
--------------------------------------

Australia (Dima/Stuart)
----------------------------------

Berlin Group (Francis)
---------------------------

Brazil (Chris/Ralph)
----------------------

Canada (Ralph)
------------------

UK (Don/Ralph)
-----------------
* Talked to Fiona on the history of OBIE and OIDF. 
* Planning to do a deeper demo. 

* UK Finance is working on how to change the organization of OBIE. 
* Some parts are to be handed over to some other orgs. It is very fluid. 
* UK Finance will be taking over. 
* Open Energy. Energy ecosystem to be set up by June. 

USA 
----------
+ OIDF and FDX is completing a legal agreement on OIDF TM. 
* Rounding up on existing liaison agreement. Announcement to be made at their Global Summit in April. 

Events (Nat)
======================

1st call of GOFCoE WG
------------------------


KuppingerCole Event on March 3
------------------------------------
* https://www.kuppingercole.com/events/identity-fabrics-future-proofing-iam
* March 3. 
* On FAPI 2.0 and FAPI 1.0 differences by Daniel. Mainly on FAPI 2. 

Open Identity Summit 
-----------------------------
* https://oid2021.compute.dtu.dk/
* Submission deadline: March 1. 
* June. 

Adoption of the Grant Management Draft (Nat/Dima)
==================================================
* Announced the call for adoption on the 17th. 
* No objection till today, so it is now adopted. 
* Thanks the SG for taking this forward. 

PRs (Dave)
===================

Issues (Dave)
===============

AOB (Nat)
=============


Chat Log
============