============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2017-05-30)
============================================
Date & Time: 2017-05-30 23:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 23:07 UTC. 

Roll Call
===========
* Attending: 
   * Guest: 

* Regrets: 

Adoption of the Agenda (Nat)
==================================
*  

External Orgs
================

UK Open Banking (Nat/Tony)
---------------------------
* Successful workshop May 22
* Another workshop planned July 12
* Swagger and RAML issues

ISO/TC68 (Paul/Nat)
--------------------
* Liaison request 4 months letter ballot. 
* Ballot may have not yet been issued. Need to check. 

Mobile Connect (Nat)
-----------------------
* Nat has not been able to coordinate a joint call yet. 
* Dave's initial review on the User questioning API from the FAPI perspective available in the list. 

Others
------------
N/A

Part 2: Status 
===========================
* All WGLC issues resolved. In the pipeline to submit a package to have the public review. 

Future Plans
================
* Cloud Identity Summit
* Part 1 & 2 implementation status tracking and the final vote plans
* Plans for Part 3 etc. 

AOB
===========
* 

Next Call (Atlantic)
-----------------------
* Nat will be traveling next week and may not be able to call in. Can John or Dave host the call?  

The meeting was adjourned at 23:__ UTC.