============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2020-03-11) 
============================================
Date & Time: 2020-03-11 14:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:__ UTC. 

Roll Call 
===========
Attending:
--------------------
#. Nat
#. Torsten
#. Dave
#. Brian
#. Daniel
#. Kosuke
#. Dima
#. Joseph
#. Chris
#. Daniel
#. Dima
#. Mark Haine
#. Barry 


Guests:
--------------
n/a

Regrets: 
---------------------   

Adoption of Agenda (nat)
===========================


External Organizations
===========================

IETF 107
------------
F2F cancelled. 

There may be no OAuth WG Sessions. 

Virtual interim. 
DPOP call for adoption is expected to go out pretty soon. 

ISO/IEC JTC 1/SC 27 (Nat)
-----------------------------
Saint Petersburg F2F meeting was cancelled. 
Still, we need to send a liaison report to them so 
WG members were invited to send the text that they want to send 
to the chairs. 

Open Banking (Chris)
-----------------------
Ask for help from FAPI WG. 

Demos of the certification test and q & a session. 
Updates in FAPI. 

Push the certification against FAPI a good thing to do. 

Later parts of April. 

OpenID Foundation Seminar, with support from OBIE. 

Doodle poll for dates within the WG. 

Pull Requests (Nat)
========================================

fixed references to PAR & RAR (Torsten)
---------------------------------------------
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/148

An editorial glitch in the pull request. Daniel will fix it. 
It should be accepted after it. 

first version grant-management-api (Torsten)
---------------------------------------------
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/147

Merged. 


Issues
================

#282 FAPI 2.0: x-fapi-* headers
----------------------------


Need to document how it is being used, and potentially how it is tested in the conformance test. 

#188: Broken link in FAPI part 1 ID2
----------------------------------------
Joseph, Nat and Edmund should connect to fix the issue in the draft generation pipeline. 

#124: More examples as an appendix
---------------------------------------
Add examples in the 1.0 final. 

#184: Privacy implications of oauth-mtls due to tls 1.2 sending client certs unencrypted
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Closed as it is documented in the MTLS spec as 
`https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8705.html#name-privacy-considerations <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8705.html#name-privacy-considerations>`_

AOB
==========================
None. 

The meeting was adjourned at 14:59 UTC.