============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2021-09-22) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2020-09-22 14:00 UTC
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Note URI: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2021-09-08_Atlantic

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:__ UTC. 

Roll Call (Dave/Nat)
======================
* Attending: 
* Regrets:
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Dave/Nat)
================================


Events (Dave/Nat)
======================
EIC (Nat/Don)
--------------------------
* Link to OIDF workshop at EIC recording: https://kc-live.com/#agenda-item.html?id=1032
* https://openid.net/2021/09/20/global-assured-identity-network-white-paper/

As the White Paper has been published by the International Institute of Finance and featured in Dave Birch's Forbes article.Or as the KuppingerCole blog puts it, "A Iot to Venture, More to Global Assured Identity Network” 

I've working with the 5 organizations referenced in the White Paper to explore their interest in taking the baton passed from GAIN co authors. Just as the White Paper seeks to build on what’s built, the next phase seems best led by those organizations that are doing the building. Brad Carr of the International Institute of Finance plans to host an initial call with representatives from the OpenID Foundation, Open Identity Exchange, Cloud Signature Consortium and Global Legal Entity Identifier Foundation to explore collaboration related to the Global Assured Identity Network. The White Paper is closely aligned with the IIF’s Open Digital Trust Initiative, the OpenID Foundation co leads. 

As you know, Gail Hodges is working with GAIN Co Authors Donna Beatty and Torsten Lodderstedt to move the GAIN Technical Proof of Concept under the auspices of the OpenID Foundation. Just as the proof of the pudding is in the eating, the proof of the paper is in the PoC. For more see the OIDF Blog

MENA (Don)
---------------------------



Authenticate/FIDO (Gail)
---------------------------
Terms would be member pricing of $750 for Authenticate conference, $450 for plenary, or $1k for both.


External Organizations (Dave/Nat)
===================================
ISO/TC 68 (Nat/Dave)
-----------------------------
* Need to send a liaison report. 

Australia (Dima/Joseph)
------------------------------------
* AAAC to work on assessment. They have provided direct funding for migration from 1.0 to 2.0. 


Berlin Group (Francis/Mike.L)
--------------------------------
* 

Brazil (Mike)
---------------------------
* Still processing ph.2. 
* Oct 29 Ph. 3
* On track for RP test. 
* Adding payment test to DCR. 
* On track to launch RP community slack channel on Sept. 27. 


Canada (Gail)
------------------
* Reached out to FDATA. 
* Election happening: both parties want to move open banking. 

FDX (Gail)
------------------
* Follow up the conversation. 
* Licensing

Will provide details next week.


Middle East and North Africa (Ali)
-------------------------------------


Russia (Don/Dima)
--------------------



UK (Fiona/Ralph/Chris)
--------------------
Chris commented that there are quite a few emerging Open Banking markets around the world. 

A tracker to document the efforts and differences would be helpful.

Don, Nat, and Gail are working on  a board resolution to promote international interoperability and certification.

Global Open Finance Center of Excellence and their International Standards Forum can be a resource as an international library for open finance/banking standards.

Don and Nat have been working with Gavin LittleJohn in that effort.



PRs (Dave/Nat)
=================
n/a

Issues (Dave/Nat)
=====================
HTTP Signing (Dave)
----------------------------
* 411 
* There is a desire for it from Norway. 
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/src/master/FAPI_2_0_Advanced_Profile.md
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/src/master/Financial_API_Simple_HTTP_Message_Integrity_Protocol.md
* Dave provided two options: HTTP Signing and DPOP based one. 
* Travis pointed out the issue of DPOP being sensitive to clock synchronization. 


AOB (Dave/Nat)
=================


* Please vote for Grant Management 1st Implementer's Draft: https://openid.net/foundation/members/polls/246 


The call adjourned at 15:__ UTC