============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2020-06-03) 
============================================
Date & Time: 2020-06-03 14:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:03 UTC. 

Roll Call 
===========
* Attending: Nat, Mark, Dima, Kosuke, Joseph, Daniel, Don, Rajiv, Bjorn, Freddi, Dave
* Regrets: Chris

Adoption of Agenda (Nat)
===========================
* Added FAPI 2.0 Advanced. 

Events
===============
Identiverse 
----------------
* Spread through 8 weeks. 
* Speaker instructions yet to come. 

OIDF+FDX Workshop (Don)
-------------------------
* Sometime in June. Deep-dive into FAPI standard and technical changes. 

IMF Institute of International Finance 
--------------------------------------------
* OIDF will be leading the technical track. 

EU FinTech lab on digital identities (Nat)
-----------------------------------------------
* 

OSW2020 (Daniel)
---------------------
* July 21 - 24. 
* Day 1: Tutorial
* Day 2: Talks (30 min. each)
* Day 3: Unconference

SIOP Info Exchange (Nat)
--------------------------

External Organizations
========================

Australia (Dima)
------------------
N/A

UK (Freddi)
------------------
* On track for ver. 3.1. Only small change for account switching from one bank to another. CASS (Current Account Switch Service). 
* Work continues on Variable Current Payment but still some dates away. 

Multiple issuers (Dave/Joseph)
=================================


Drafts Developments
=====================
FAPI 2.0 Advanced (Daniel)
-----------------------------
Daniel uploaded the first draft. He will circulate the draft link after the call. 
Question that came up is whether we need mechanism for signing the request/response for the resource endpoint. 

Freddi mentioned JADES. eTSI. 
Some requirements/hygine document. Capability. 

Dave pointed out https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/src/master/Financial_API_HTTP_Signing.md

Joseph pointed out that there was a session lead by Annable at IIW: 
Monday, June 22, 10:30 - 10:55 
Beyond Bearer Tokens with HTTP Message Signatures. 


AOB
==========================
SIWA 
---------
* Looks like there is another security hole. WMRM




The meeting was adjourned at 14:__ UTC.