============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2017-08-02)
============================================
Date & Time: 2017-08-02 14:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:05 UTC. 

Roll Call
===========
* Attending: Bjorn, Joh, Nat, Brian, Dave, Joseph, Mark H, Henrik, 
   * Guest: 
* Regrets: 

Adoption of the Agenda (Nat)
==================================
* 

External Orgs
===============

UK Open Banking (Dave/Nat)
-----------------------------
* Need to ping Don for the "letter" to the OB trustee. 

Berlin Group (Dave)
---------------------------
* Talked with Torsten and hopeful to come up with a draft liaison letter next week. 

STET 
--------------
* https://www.stet.eu/en/news/news1/stet-psd2-api-is-now-available.html

Future Specification Planning
=======================================
* CIBA - 6 weeks. 
* Part 3 - 5

* Vladimir Issues

Events
==========
APIDays Berlin: Banking APIs and PSD2 (Nat)
---------------------------------------------
* http://www.apidays.io/events/banking-2017
* Apply to be a speaker? 

Fall F2F
-------------
* Oct. 11 - 13

AOB
===========
* 

Next Call (Pacific)
-----------------------
* Please do refer to the group calendar for the time. 

The meeting was adjourned at 14:__ UTC.