============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2022-05-25) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2022-05-25T14:00Z
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Self: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2022-04-13_Atlantic
.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:__ UTC. 

Roll Call (Nat/Dave)
======================
* Attending: 

 

* Regrets: 
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Nat)
================================


Events (Nat)
======================
Open Banking World Congress (Mike)
---------------------------------------
* Danillo spoke of OpenID Foundation as a trusted partner. 

Money 2020 
---------------


Internal Liaison (Nat)
================================
Certification (Joseph/Mike)
----------------------------
* Working on the proposal which is shared with Chris Michael, too. 
* Have not yet seen the concrete direction. 
* Feedback from Radium/Ozone received. 
* Document will be distributed for review in the FAPI ml. 


External Organizations (Nat)
===================================
Australia (Mike L.)
------------------------------------
* Work of FAPI 2.0 security analysis on the way @ U. Stuttgart. 

Brazil (Mike L.)
---------------------------
* Call yesterday to finalize CIBA for Brazil. 
* Certification test to be built on it. 

Berlin Group (Daniel)
--------------------------------
* Dave and Daniel had a call re: technical aspects -- steps towards FAPI adoption. 
* Seems to be a long way. 
* Talked about PAR and CIBA. 
* Authorization process is tied to their API. 

EU DIW ARF (Gail)
------------------
* n/a

FDX (Rifaat)
------------------
* Discussions on step-up authentication. 
* Mentioned the draft about it @ OAuth WG. 

GAIN (Dima)
---------------------
* 

IETF OAuth WG (Rifaat)
-------------------------
* DPoP shepherd writeup being done. 
* Some implementation feedback to be incorporated. 

ISO/TC68 (Nat/Dave)
----------------------
* n/a

The Middle East and North Africa (Chris)
-----------------------------------------
* n/a

Mexico (Gail)
------------------
* n/a

Nigeria (Mike)
---------------
* Central bank of Nigeria published the guidance. 
* New team members put in place. 
* Follow up conversation is to be had. Mike has reached out this week. 

OECD (Nat)
-------------
* n/a


UK (Chris)
--------------------
* n/a


USA (Gail)
----------------
* n/a 


Specs (Dave)
================
Grant Management (Dima)
----------------------------------------
* Still updating on the updates from OSW. 


FAPI DCR/M (Dynamic client registration and Management) (Joseph)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
* N/A 

Advanced authorization (Dima)
----------------------------------
* Decided to postpone the spec.

FAPI 2 Attack, Baseline and Advanced (Daniel)
----------------------------------------------
* N/A

JARM (Dave)
----------------------------------------
* Dave will start WG last call on https://openid.bitbucket.io/fapi/openid-fapi-jarm.html
 

PRs (Dave)
=================

* PR #337
    * https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/337

* PR #334
    * https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/334

* PR #333
    * https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/334

* PR #338 change user to resource owner
    * https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/338

* PR #336 Grant Management - rename update to merge
    * https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/336

Issues (Dave)
=====================


# 479 -- Change to the naming of FAPI (Dave)
------------------------------------------------
* Just moving to "FAPI" 
* FAPI 2 Baseline ==> FAPI 2 Security Profile
* FAPI 2 Advanced ==> FAPI 2 Message Signing

etc. 

PR is to be created. 



AOB (Nat)
=================
* none



The call adjourned at 15:59 UTC