============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2020-04-29) 
============================================
Date & Time: 2020-04-29 14:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:__ UTC. 

Roll Call 
===========
Attending:
--------------------
Nat, Dave, Julian, Don, Brian, Tim, Bjorn, Dima, Joseph, Lukasz, Stephane, Ralph, Allan, 
Stuart, Tim


Guests:
--------------
Jaco Myburg (Interset)

Regrets: 
---------------------   

Adoption of Agenda (nat)
===========================

Adopted as is. 

Events
============
Open Banking and OIDF Certification Workshop (Chris/Don)
--------------------------------------------------------------

Identity Fabrics & the Future of Identity Management (Nat)
--------------------------------------------------------------

OpenID Foundation Workshop (Don)
---------------------------------------


Identiverse
-------------------

IIF (Don)
------------------------

External Organizations
===========================

Open Banking UK (Chris/Ralph)
-----------------------------
* 

Australia CDR
------------------
* If any. 

Issues
================

#255 
---------------
https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/255/certification-clarification-request

That vender limitation should have disappeared by now. 


Pull Requests 
======================

Drafts
============
FAPI 1.0
---------------

Grant Management (Torsten)
---------------------------

FAPI 2.0
---------------------------


AOB
==========================


The meeting was adjourned at 14:__ UTC.