============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2017-07-05)
============================================
Date & Time: 2017-07-05 14:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:05 UTC. 

Roll Call
===========
* Attending: Nat, Brian, Joseph, Dave, Bjorn, Tom, Henrik, John
   * Guest: 
* Regrets: Anoop, Tony. 

Adoption of the Agenda (Nat)
==================================
* BOJ Seminar added.  

New Draft: Client Initiated Backchannel Authentication Profile (Dave) 
========================================================================
Dave gave an explanation of the rationale and the general idea behind the draft. 
The WG is asked to review the draft during the week and discuss it on the list. 

Issues
=========

#107: Content-type header in HTTP response from resource server (Tatsuo)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Drop this requirement. 

#105: RFC6736 incorrectly referenced in Foreword (Brian)
------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Duplicate request. Will be closed.  

#104: User friendly names and registration of providers (Tom)
------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Good idea to look at OIDC Federation draft. http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-federation-1_0.html

#103: monospace font for keywords in the description of s_hash (Takahiko)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Editorial change. It will be applied. 

#100: Signing API response payloads (Dave)
------------------------------------------------------------------------
* WG is asked to express their opinion to close the issue. 

External Orgs
===============

UK Open Banking (Joseph)
-----------------------------
* UKOB published their spec at https://www.openbanking.org.uk/read-write-apis/

Mobile Connect (Bjorn)
----------------------------
* Bjorn will send a written notes to the group. 

Bank of Japan Seminar (Nat)
----------------------------
* All the major banks in Japan seems to have been present. 
* Seems to be well received. 

Events
==========

July 12 @ London
------------------
* Morning: 9:00am. WG meeting @ Microsoft Paddington office. 
* Afternoon: Open meeting @ Barclays Accelerator. 

Subsequent meetings
-------------------------
* OAuth WS @ Zurich (July 13, 14)
* Japan Identity and Cloud Summit @ Tokyo (Sept. 15)

AOB
===========
* John is now representing Yubico. 

Next Call (Pacific)
-----------------------
* Please do refer to the group calendar for the time. 

The meeting was adjourned at 14:52 UTC.