===========================================
FAPI WG Agenda & Meeting Notes (2020-03-11) 17:00 PST (5pm)
===========================================
Date & Time: 2020-03-12 01:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862


.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 01:00 UTC. 

Roll Call (Anoop)
=====================

* Attending: Anoop, Dima, Ed
* Guests: 
* Regrets:  

Agenda/notes:

* Review Atlantic notes
* * ED is finishing V1 and soon will be published.
* FDX - Grant management discussion
* * FDX is documenting requirement on 4 below points (Came from FDX)
* * * Grant with RAR - can it be decouple
* * * '/grant' doesn't need to be this endpoint can it be renamed to consent.
* * * * [DP] Consent is legal process and Grant is how you communicate with server. 
* * * * [DP] GrantId is similar to Intent ID in OBIE.
* * * * [DP] Eco System can create another endpoint /consent & its resource and optionally associate with grantId (how). And create consent receipt structure as response.
* * * Consent resource structure
* * * No Consent receipt (kantara)
* * * FAPI can join call to help address for the first FDX use case (Fintech to Bank integration). 
* * FDX concern is FAPI 2.0 spec is a draft 
* * FDX is asking for official declaration from OBIE & AU CDR.
* * * [DP] to provide AICC link presentation.
* * New Task force in FDX
* * * This task force is reviewing FAPI security APIs and identify which one is applicable to FDX and where extensions - to create FDX specific profile.
  


External Organizations 
==============================
  
Next Call
-----------------------
Next call will be an Pacific Call. 
Next Pacific call will be in two weeks (03-25-2021 @ 5pm PST) UTC - 03-26-2021 1:00 AM.  

* The meeting was adjourned at 01:48 UTC.