============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2018-05-01)
============================================
Date & Time: 2018-05-01 23:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 23:__ UTC. 

Roll Call
===========
* Attending: Nat, Anoop, Edmund, Tom 
   * Guest: 
* Regrets:  

Adoption of the Agenda (Nat)
==================================
*  Adopted as is. 

External Organizations
=========================

FS-ISAC (Anoop)
-----------------
Ver.1 of DDA is going live with three banks this July. 
They have In production pilot users.
One is Bank of America, with 11 brands under it, another is CIBC. 
Citi also supports it. 

On top of it, Zelle is building their own for transactional accesses. 

ISO/TC68/SC 9
----------------
Nat explained 


Events
==========
EIC (Nat)
--------------

Next Steps for the Drafts (Nat/Dave)
=======================================

Pull Requests
================
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/

Especially https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/53/master/diff


Issues
===========
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues?status=new&status=open

* #139 - treatment of returned scopes divergent from RFC 6749

AOB
===========
Call time change?
--------------------
* Change the call time so that it will be 22:00 UTC to be a little easier for UK folks to call in? 

Name change?
-----------------
* Name change proposed at the last board meeting. Members are reminded of their task of coming up with a name. 
  Nat suggested a retrofit acronym: Full Assurance Protection Interoperable 


Next Call
-----------------------
The next call is scheduled to be in the Atlantic time zone. 

* The meeting was adjourned at 23:__ UTC.