============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2017-06-13)
============================================
Date & Time: 2017-06-13 23:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 23:07 UTC. 

Roll Call
===========
* Attending: John, Nat, Bjorn, Brian, Dave, Edmund, Sascha, Anoop, Tony
   * Guest: 

* Regrets: 

Adoption of the Agenda (Nat)
==================================
* Adopted as is. 

External Orgs
================
ISO/TC68 (Paul/Nat)
--------------------
* Ballot started. 

FS-ISAC (Anoop)
-------------------
* Shoot of the week of 26th. 

UK Open Banking (Dave)
---------------------------
* Detached signature on the resource response. 
* Status for OpenBanking Ltd. IPR contribution. Target time -- end of this month. 
* Registration and software statement: Central CA. etc. Is it something that we want to consider? 
  --> Worth having some recommendation but telling them how trust should work is hard. 
* Due to the regulatory requirements, a lot has to be done in the application layer. 

EBA Regulatory Technical Standards (Dave)
-------------------------------------------
* Fall back allowed if the API is not available for screen scraping. 
* Send the username and password over API ... 
* Fdata is writing a letter to drop this amendment. It does not make sense. 
* Very political. Some bank cannot produce the single view of the customer. 
  They can only provide API for the current account. 
  So, screen scraping is still needed. 
* Would there be a possibility of token based credential + screen scraping. (Aggregation code). 
* Brian to take a stab at a draft. 

Zelle, Mobile Banking (Brian)
-------------------------------
* 

Others
------------
N/A

Draft status and plans 
===========================
Part 2
----------
* In the 45 days public Review 
* 

CIBA/Decoupled profile
------------------------
* We probably need it. Volunteers for taking the first stab at it? 
* Dave. 

Part 1 & 2 implementation status tracking and the final vote plans
---------------------------------------------------------------------
* We need to track the implementations before starting the final vote. 
* Provided CMA9s are implementing FAPI, we will have at least 9 interoperable implementations so it should be fine. 

Plans for Part 3 etc.
----------------------
* 


Events
================
Cloud Identity Summit
-------------------------
* Next week. We have 3 sessions. 
* We will have FAPI + alpha (e.g., AGI) session. 
* We should develop the content over the email list. 
* Nat, Tony will get in Chicago on Sunday. 



AOB
===========
* Japanese Banking Act has been amended on May 26. Banks now have to spend reasonable effort to provide APIs. 
    * Japanese news article about it: http://itpro.nikkeibp.co.jp/atcl/column/14/346926/052500990/?rt=nocnt

Next Call (Atlantic)
-----------------------
* Nat will be traveling next week and may not be able to call in. John will host the call. 

The meeting was adjourned at 23:58 UTC.