============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2018-09-26) 
============================================
Date & Time: 2018-09-26 14:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:05 UTC. 

Roll Call
===========
* Attending: 
* Guests: 
* Regrets: 

Adoption of the Agenda (Nat)
==================================
* 

CIBA Progress Report (Brian/Dave)
=====================================

Test Harness (Joseph)
======================


External Organizations
==========================

Open Banking UK (Ralph)
---------------------------


Security Profile Comparison (Dave)
-------------------------------------


Issues (Nat)
=================
Part 2 Related Issues
----------------------------
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues?status=new&status=open&component=Part%202%3A%20RW%20Security

Issues #171, #172, #173 were dealt with. Please refer to the tickets for the details. 

We were not able to reach part 1 issues and CIBA related issues by the end of the call. 
These are going to be dealt with in the mailing list, etc. 

* Part 1 Related Issues:  https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues?status=new&status=open&component=Part%201%3A%20RO%20Security

* CIBA Related Issues : https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues?status=new&status=open&component=CIBA

AOB
===========


Next Call
-----------------------
Next Pacific call will go as scheduled. 

* The meeting was adjourned at 15:03 UTC.