============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2021-02-03) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2020-02-03 14:00 UTC
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Note URI: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2020-09-30_Atlantic

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:__ UTC. 

Roll Call 
===========
* Attending: Nat, Dave, Siva Boyalakuntla, Brian, Dima, Kosuke, Don, Torsten, Francis, Daniel, Lukasz, Joseph.  
* Regrets: 
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Nat)
===========================
* 

FAPI 1.0 Updates (Nat)
===================================
* There still are editorial glitches. Currently going though some PRs. 
* Changing titles makes some parts don’t read well
* Edmund, Nat, Joseph and others are making changes
* Members are invited to look at PRs and review them
* Hoping to get it done this week


FAQ and Roadmap Updates (Dave)
==================================
FAQ (Dave)
------------
Current draft: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Fo44L_wM4TIMxF3f1xowNWdlqEqZkZdjAyd1pAtab9U/edit

Still needing some work. 

Target: End of the next week. 

FAPI 2.0 Release communication (Don)
-------------------------------------
Deadline for the document postponed to the end of the next week. 

It’s important to finalize Roadmap and FAQ. FAPI is getting more and more global attention, so we need to do a good job communicating the value of the work to a broader audience.

Broader audience is increasing each day.

Had a meeting w/Australians regarding the importance of the workshop to educate their community.

OIDF planning 3 workshop beginning in Australia, continuing collaboration with OBIE UK.

New set of workshops with the FDX in the US/Canada.

Lots of interest from Middle East, Dubai, and Bahrain.

Increased interest from Latin America.

Only way to do this efficiently is to have available to the broader audience, answers to the questions that they will be asking in these workshops.

* Status of FAPI 1.0/ 2.0
* Plans for this year

FAQ, roadmap, and the workshop carries the messaging

Working with Mike Lescz in planning the workshops

Want to publish the OIDF plans in advance in invite companies critical to the development of FAPI and eKYC to leverage the unique platform the the Foundation has.

We can communicate content in our workshops in a way that's very different than commercially driven workshops or conferences.

And that is to educate technologists on  FAPI, conformance test, eKYC and Open ID Connect.

Don volunteered last week to create first draft of FAPI 2.0 release communication.

Will be ready by end of next week.

Will also contain links to roadmap, FAQ, and tentative schedule of workshops in each jurisdiction.

First workshop is expected in Australia sometimes in March.

Waiting on Data61 for dates

Will focus on getting people to do conformance testing
ACCC is responsible for certification onboarding.

Will work with Dima to target correct regulators



FAPI 2.0 Baseline
------------------------------------
* FAPI Baseline 2.0: Just pending the release communication. 
* the working group last call - 27th Jan to 3rd Feb
* first public draft for the vote - 17th February
* implementers draft approval - 3rd April (45 days after vote starts)



FAPI 2.0 Updates (Daniel)
===========================
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues?status=new&status=open&component=FAPI2%3A%20Baseline
* Almost ready. Pending the release communication completion. 
* Nat will as Don to take the lead in the release communication. 

Grant Management (Dima)
============================
Couple of productive meetings. 
Will be ready for formal adoption soon. 

Dedicated call on the Feb. 17. 

Events (Nat)
======================
If you have any specific events that you are interested in speaking, please let us know. 

EIC (Don)
--------------
Interested in featuring FAPI in the main stream agenda. 

Identiverse (Don)
--------------------
Interested in featuring FAPI in the main stream agenda. 


External Organizations (Nat)
================================

Australia Data 61 (Dima/Don)
----------------------------
* Had a meeting with Data 61 last night. 
* Discussing a possibility to have a workshop in March. 

Landscape is changing  and the whole regulator is being reshuffled.

Will be reporting to Treasury.

Landscape is changing around the world also.

Interest in open banking, open finance is increasing.

Don and Nat are trying to find some way to bring together different standards organizations into some coordinated way so we dont’ keep creating new standards and standards organization and new interpretations of regulations.

Berlin Group (Francis)
---------------------------
The draft of the FAPI4BerlinGroup White Paper is available here: 
 https://docs.google.com/document/d/1e5M5aLgNgiu4kkPIt3BjSHBt2mZL9DkcQ7bfL4Zqdgw/edit#

Please leave comments. We need to deliver it Monday next week. 

OpenFinance Adivsorty Board was established. 
The charter will be published very soon but working with FAPI is a priority. 


PRs (Dave)
========================

Pull request #230 : Apply punctuation and use of 'and' between clauses consistently

* Approved and merged

Pull request #229 : remove Warning from Part 1/2 of FAPI 1.0

* Will be merged at the right before final draft

Pull request #231 : rewrite text regarding read/write

* Nat proposed changing “used in the access of financial data and similar use cases” to “used in the API access that exhibits moderately high risk such as reading out financial accounts data”
* Dima feels the introduction needs to be simplified.
* WG is invited to provide feedback on the pull request #231 and pull request #232.

Pull request #232: FAPI HTML Version feedback

* Mostly editorial changes.
* Review by WG is needed.
* Daniel will rebase changes on Joseph's pull request #230

Pull request #215: Proposal for algorithm/jws recommendations

* Declined due to too much breaking change.


Pull request #209 : Add initial draft of simple-http-message-integrity-protocol

* Merged 



Issues (Dave)
=====================


AOB
==========================

Some people contacted Nat about presenting Hypermedia Login API by Travis Pencer, et al next week 2/10.

Seems to be used for app2app  scenarios.



The meeting was adjourned at 15:__ UTC.