============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2021-04-28) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2020-04-28 14:00 UTC
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Note URI: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2021-04-07_Atlantic

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:__ UTC. 

Roll Call 
===========
* Attending: 
* Regrets: 
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Nat)
===========================
* 

Events (Nat)
======================

OpenID Foundation Workshop
---------------------------------------



External Organizations (Nat)
================================
Brazil (Ralph)
---------------
Sizable directed funding for certification test. 
Mandating CIBA. 

Berlin Group (Francis)
---------------------------
Nat to suggest setting up sub-committee to FAPI to deal with BG needs. 
Two co-chairs. Dave Tonge from OIDF and another from BG. 


FAPI 2.0 Baseline and Attacker Model (Dave/Daniel)
======================================================
Torsten will apply the last few editorial fixes and send it to Mike J. so that we can announce the start of the public review at the OIDF Workshop on the 29th. 

PRs (Dave)
===================



Issues (Dave)
=================



Chat Log
============