============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2016-08-23)
============================================
Date & Time: 2016-08-23 23:00 UTC (16:00 PDT, 01:00+1d Denmark, 08:00+1d JST) 

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum::
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 23:05 UTC. 

Roll Call
=============
* Bjorn, Nat, Edmund, Henrik, Sascha, John
* Regrets from Anoop due to some health issue. WGs sends "get well soon" to him. 

Adoption of the Agenda
=========================
* Agenda was adopted unanimously.  

Updates on Meeting Notes (2016-08-17) (Henrik)
===================================================
Henrik has sent text to update the section 4.4 of the last meeting note. 
* Danish bank was changed to Dansk bank as it is confusing: it is a proper noun. 
* Links to English documents etc. are also given. 

WG members were encouraged to read the updated section 
as it includes interesting information about Danish situation. 

Error report coding (Sascha)
================================
Sascha reported he has just started writing the text 
for Error report coding, which would 
possibly be a new Clause 8. 

According to his survey, developers 
do not want to give errors to customers, but still needs to 
know what error has happened where so they prefer to 
use error code and API ID. 
This will helps debugging, especially on libraries. 

Nat asked Sascha to keep updating the issue #26, 
and make a pull request. 

Action:: 

    * Sascha to draft text, update the issue #26, make a pull request. 

Editor's Draft 00 (Nat)
=========================

If nothing blocking happens, it is going to be uploaded in the main repo as the 1st WD. 

    ASK: Please start reviewing the document and file bugs/proposals in the issue tracker. 

Action::

    John to add a line about device attestation to both 5.2.1 and 5.2.2.


External Org Relationships (Nat)
================================

UK Groups 
------------------------------------
* Waiting Dave to come back from his vacation. 
* Asked Don to follow up already. 
* Dansk Bank: Henrik got a couple of wrong redirects but now is close to getting to the correct person. Will see. 

TC68
-----
Nat contacted Janet. Details being worked out. 
Apparently we have to send liaison request to each subcommittees rather than just sending one to the TC. 
As TC68 is re-organizing its subcommittees, it is a bit tricky but will do. 

X9
------------
Same contact as TC68. Following up with the process now. 


Other action items
--------------------

    * Nat to draft liaison requests
    * Anoop to follow up with Intuit UK Team (Next week) 


New & Open Issues
======================
* No new issues. 

Action:: 

     * All members were asked to review issues on the tracker and comment if necessary. 
          * Sascha and John will review as named reviewer. 
          * Others please review as well. 
     * Questions on DDA-Cusotmer-ID. 

AOB
========

Coming up events
---------------------
Sascha asked if there is a meeting (sync opportunities with other WGs) before IIW. 

* John pointed out that there is one being worked out and John plans to be there. 
* Unfortunately, Nat nor Tony can be there as it collides with ISO meetings. 

John asked if there is a Pre-IETF meeting as well. 

* We could conceptually. 
* OIDF used to have a room in a pre-conference day. 

Action::

    * Nat will check with Marketing committee. 
    * Develop a presentation for the occasion (not assigned yet.)

Next Call
----------
* 2016-08-31 14:00 UTC (07:00 PDT, 16:00 Denmark, 23:00 JST) 

The meeting adjourned at 23:25 UTC. 