============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2019-07-17) 
============================================
Date & Time: 2019-07-17 14:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:06 UTC. 

Roll Call
===========
* Attending: 
    *　Nat、Bjorn, Dave, Brian, Dima, Joseph, Kosuke, Wesley, Torsten
* Regrets:      
  * 

Adoption of the Agenda (Nat)
==================================
* Added Additional Documents. 

External Organizations
=======================

Open Banking (Dave)
----------------------
* Open Banking was using defined scheme for HTTP signing using detached signatures. 
* None of the banks can support it. 

PSD2
------------------------
* https://developer.hsbc.com/#/welcome

Australia (Dima/Joseph)
-------------------------
Regulators released some decisions. 
Some are good, like proposing FAPI but also there are concerning things. 
Variations around authorization flow. 
Good thing: they came back to redirect model but to a different version of redirect. 



Events
==============
IETF
----------
Next week. Nat and Brian will be there. 

Fin/Sum
----------
* The first week of September in Tokyo. 
* https://finsum.jp/

OpenID Summit Tokyo 
--------------------------
* 2020-01-24

New Documents (Dave)
==========================
JARM was previously accepted and became an implementer's Draft. 
Other documents are coming in, namely: 

* Lodging Intent / Push Request Object
* Implementation Advice
* HTTP Signing

out of which the last two are new. 

Implementation Advice is not going to be a normative technical specification but will be a general guidance document. 
The document has a structure that is good as a starting point. There was no object for Nat to ask the list to accept the document as a workgroup item. 

HTTP Signing was much more controversial. It was suggested that first, we focus on the Requirement: 

* Why we need it; 
* What it needs to fulfil. 



Pull requests and issues
==========================

AOB
==========================

Next Call
-------------------------
* We will talk about the pull request by Torsten re: making JARM a parallel option in Part 2. 
* Also, we will dedicate half of the call for the issues. 

The meeting was adjourned at 15:28 UTC.