============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2020-10-07) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2020-10-07 14:00 UTC
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Note URI: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2020-09-30_Atlantic

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:03 UTC. 

Roll Call 
===========
* Attending: Steinar Noem (Udelt) 


* Regrets: 
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Nat)
===========================
Adopted as is. 


Events 
======================
 
FDX/OIDF (Don/Nat)
---------------------
WHEN: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 — 9 am-11:30 am PT REGISTRATION REQUIRED: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/openid-foundation-virtual-workshop-tickets-121075932373

* Oct 28. 
* Panel: Don Cardinal, Nat Sakimura, Anoop Saxena. 
* https://openid.net/2020/09/14/openid-foundation-virtual-workshop-wednesday-october-28-2020/

OBIE WS (Joseph/Don)
---------------------
* Oct. 13 
* Dave, Joseph are speaking.

* Certification

IIF Annual Membership Meeting (Don/Nat)
----------------------------------------
* 


Identity Week Asia (Nat)
-------------------------
* October 14. (Recording on October 10)
* Fighting Back Against Digital Identity Fraud panel. Nat will moderate. 
* Panelists: Jeremy Grant, Subhashish Bose, David Turkington

Oct 14 11:30 SGT

**Fighting Back Against Digital Identity FraudDigital Identity in an Online World**

The isolation of worldwide lockdowns this year have presented criminals with new opportunities for phishing, and this only adds to already existing trends in the rise of synthetic IDs, account takeover and SIM swap fraud. This panel will explore solutions which utilise digital identity to fight back against the fraudsters.

* Nat SakimuraModerator: Nat Sakimura, Chairman, OpenID Foundation
* Subhashish BoseSubhashish Bose, Senior Director – Fraud & Security, FICO
* Jeremy GrantJeremy Grant, Coordinator, Better Identity Coalition
* David TurkingtonDavid Turkington, Head of Technology, APAC, GSMA

FIDO Authenticate (Nat)
------------------------
* Session Date: Thursday, November 19
* Session Time: 2:30-3:15 PM PST (note that this *may* shift to start 30 minutes later, which presumably would work better for Nat)
* Session Title: Is the Future Decentralized?
* Panelist participants:
* Brett McDowell (moderator), Hedera Council
* Alex Simons, Microsoft
* Nat Sakimura, OpenID Foundation
* Ramesh Kesanupalli, Digital Trust

* Additional session for FAPI. Ralph volunteered for it and wanted to include CIBA in Brazil. 

GSMA/OIDF Workshop (Don/Bjorn)
--------------------------------
* Purpose: Expose GSMA and MNO members to other areas in OIDF than Modrna. 
* Grant management etc. 

External Organizations
========================
Australia (Dima/Stuart)
------------------------
* Doing Demo of the conformance tool with the Agency. 
* More towards the custom endpoint for AU rather than FAPI. 
* The tool is cloud-hosted in the administration Forum. 
* Adoption of FAPI 2.0 in 2022. 

* ACCC mail is in the making. 
* https://www.accc.gov.au/system/files/CDR%20Roadmap%20-%20Proposed%20compliance%20dates%20for%20Consumer%20Data%20Right%20-%2030%20September%202020.pdf

Berlin Group (Francis)
------------------------
* n/a till mid of November. 

European Commission (Mark/Torsten)
------------------------------------
* n/a

ETSI (Torsten/Dave)
---------------------
* Identity verification method for Qualified Services. 
* We should respond to the consultation - Oct. 17. Dave will start an email thread on this. People should join in. 
* JAdES spec not published yet. 

UK (Ralph)
---------------------
* OBIE members to keep using OBIE registry after eIDAS. 
* Outlier banks not in OBIE registry need to get registered. 

Drafts progress
=================
FAPI 2.0 Baseline (Dave)
---------------------------
* Need to bring in more reviewers. 

FAPI 2.0 Advanced (Dave)
---------------------------
* Main sticking point is signatures. #309. 
* ETSI and OBIE discussion is relevant. 

Grant Management (Torsten/Stuart)
------------------------------------
* No updates on the spec. 
* In the midst of deploying IdP as Biza that incorporate grand management to capture CDR requirements. Aiming for November 1.  
* Try to close off the issues in November to move to next phase - I-D. 
* Still need to test against various use-cases/examples. 

Issues (Dave/Nat)
=====================
#322 Editorial: Section 5.2.2.2.1. Duplicate Clause? (Ralph)
----------------------------------------------------------------
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues/322/editorial-section-52221-duplicate-clause

A lengthy discussion on how to test. 
The discussion to be continued. 

PRs (Dave/Nat)
=====================
We did not have time to get to it. 

AOB
==========================
WG members should feel free to take editorial tickets on FAPI 1.0 and start sending PRs. 
Joseph would be greatful if folks can take some of his. 

The meeting was adjourned at 15:00 UTC.