============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2021-01-20) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2020-01-20 14:00 UTC
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Note URI: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2020-09-30_Atlantic

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:05 UTC. 

Roll Call 
===========
* Attending: Nat, Kosuke, Takahiko, Joseph, Daniel, Torsten, Francis, Dima, Lukasz, Chris
* Regrets: Dave
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Nat)
===========================
* No changes. 

FAPI 1.0 Updates (Nat)
===================================
* PRs
* XML/HTML Review http://lists.openid.net/pipermail/openid-specs-fapi/2021-January/002241.html

FAQ and Roadmap Updates (Dave)
==================================
FAQ
-----
Current draft: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Fo44L_wM4TIMxF3f1xowNWdlqEqZkZdjAyd1pAtab9U/edit

No updates for this week. 

FAPI 2.0 Release communication
------------------------------------
Short document that refers to FAQ
Don to draft first cut?
Feb 3. 

FAPI 2.0 Baseline
------------------------------------
* FAPI Baseline 2.0: Just pending the release communication. 
* the working group last call - 27th Jan to 3rd Feb
* first public draft for the vote - 17th February
* implementers draft approval - 3rd April (45 days after vote starts)

FAPI 2.0 Signing
------------------------------------
Call for adoption: TBC, Nat to consult with Dave

FAPI 2.0 Advanced
------------------------------------
first implementers draft: dependent on signing

Grant management
------------------------------------
* Call for adoption: mid-February
* A dedicated call for the presentation of grant management to WG: 17th February 14:00 GMT
* Working group last call: end July
* First public comments: Aug 1 - Sept 15


FAPI 2.0 Updates (Daniel)
===========================
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/issues?status=new&status=open&component=FAPI2%3A%20Baseline
* Almost ready. Pending the release communication completion. 
* Nat will as Don to take the lead in the release communication. 

Grant Management (Dima)
============================
Still going through the data model. 
It should be ready for the presentation to the working group in two to three weeks. 

Events (Nat)
======================
OBIE Extended Customer Attributes Events
--------------------------------------------
Feb. 10 Morning. 
Mark and Torsten will be speaking. 
As soon as the registration is open, Chris is going to share it in the WG> 

2nd Consultation on Variable Payment Standard
-------------------------------------------------
https://www.openbanking.org.uk/about-us/latest-news/obie-launches-variable-recurring-payments-and-sweeping-consultation-phase-ii/

1st call of GOFCoE WG
------------------------
* Gavin Littlejohn setting up a new WG. 
* Coordinate identity in UK
* Curate different standards globally. 

KuppingerCole Event on March 3
------------------------------------
* https://www.kuppingercole.com/events/identity-fabrics-future-proofing-iam
* March 3. 
* On FAPI 2.0 and FAPI 1.0 differences

External Organizations (Nat)
================================

Australia Data 61 (Dima)
----------------------------
* Another phase of CDR going live on Feb. 1. 
* Big four banks will go live on PAR. 
* Future direction reports came up at the end of last year. Dima is going over it to present to the WG. 
* Likely the business entities. 
* Feb. 2: OIDF certification meeting with Data 61. (Don, Joseph)

UK (Chris)
--------------
There are a number of TPPs lobbying CIBA to regulators to support e-commerce and POS. 


Brazil (Chris)
----------------------
Open Banking in four faces. 

Three months after the publication of the Standards. 



Berlin Group (Francis)
---------------------------
The draft of the FAPI4BerlinGroup White Paper is available here:  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1e5M5aLgNgiu4kkPIt3BjSHBt2mZL9DkcQ7bfL4Zqdgw/edit#

Please leave comments. We need to deliver it Monday next week. 

Japan (Nat)
--------------------
Public consultation going: https://www.fsa.go.jp/news/r2/sonota/20201225-4/20201225-4.html
Deadline: Jan 25. 

PRs (Dave)
========================
No time. 

Issues
=====================
No time. 

AOB
==========================
n/a

The meeting was adjourned at 15:10 UTC.