============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2020-07-29) 
============================================
Date & Time: 2020-07-29 14:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:05 UTC. 

Roll Call 
===========
* Attending: Nat, Bjorn, Daniel, Joseph, Takahiko, Brian, Antony, Kosuke, Travis, Don, Torsten, Francis, Dima, Ralph, Freddi, Brian, Dave
* Regrets: 
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Nat)
===========================
* Adopted as is. 

Events
===============
FDX+OIDF Workshop (Don)
-------------------------
* https://openid.net/2020/07/29/the-openid-foundation-and-financial-data-exchange-host-workshop-focused-on-fintech-standards-and-certification/
* Nat to be a keynote presenter at their conference in September. A big announcement re OIDF there as well. 
* Consultation FDIC. 
* https://www.bankingdive.com/news/fdic-fintech-community-banks-partnership/582194/?_hsmi=92223938&_hsenc=p2ANqtz--JdX9bBLaAGSVRa44WtM3Bwmpc46NCYNyjIjtqO2BKeDynlRms6SP3nHsakiQhi1w3qGKqpTGdOGOJ7pRzHN0LxSlxfQ

OBIE+OIDF Workshop (Chris/Don)
--------------------------------
* Part of a series of workshops. 
* Achieved the goal to show that OIDF is helping with CMA9 Certification. 

Identiverse (Nat)
-----------------------------
* At July 30 12:00 Noon MDT, I will be hosting a panel titled "Open Banking APIs Convergence: A Holy Grail or A Reality?" at #Identiverse. We will hear perspectives from UK, US, Australia etc. Come Join us. #OpenID #FDX #FAPI https://onlinexperiences.com/scripts/Server.nxp?LASCmd=L:0&AI=1&ShowKey=96697&LoginType=0&InitialDisplay=1&ClientBrowser=0&DisplayItem=NULL&LangLocaleID=0&SSO=1&RFR=https://identiverse.com/detailed-agenda/

External Organizations
========================

Australia (Dima/Stuart)
-------------------------
* No update. 

UK (Chris/Ralph/Joseph)
-------------------------
* No updates

IIF/WEF (Don)
--------------
* IIF Policy track WGs are now running in full speed. 
* Technical WGs are still yet to be established but it is supposed to be complete overlap with FAPI and eKYC WG. Don will inform the WG once it is ready. 


FDX (Don)
------------
* 


FDATA (Don)
---------------

IETF (Nat)
----------------
* -26 Pushed to IETF. 
* OAuth interim next week and week after. Please call in. 


PRs for 1.0 (Dave)
====================

Please give feedback to all the standing PRs. 

PR 175
---------
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/175

PR 161
----------
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/161

PR 178
----------
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/178

PR 186
----------
* https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/pull-requests/186

Discussion around the shalls that are not testable. 
Nat to propose a text. 

AOB
==========================


The meeting was adjourned at 14:59 UTC.