============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2020-09-02) 
============================================
Date & Time: 2020-09-02 14:00 UTC

Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .


.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:05 UTC. 

Roll Call 
===========
* Attending: 
* Regrets: 
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Nat)
===========================


Events 
======================

External Organizations
========================
Australia (Dima/Stuart)
------------------------

Berlin Group (Francis)
------------------------

European Commission (Mark/Torsten)
------------------------------------

ETSI (Ralph)
-------------

FDX (Anoop)
-------------------

UK (Chris/Ralph)
---------------------

Issues (Anoop)
==================
* #306 

PRs for 1.0 (Dave)
====================

PR 189 FAPI-RW: Require PKCE when using PAR (Stuart)
------------------------------------------------------
Feedback from Stuart on AU impact after his talk with AU lead. 


PR 182 Add non-normative examples of various objects
-----------------------------------------------------------

Last ACTion: ALL: Please provide independent checks. 

Can we merge? 

PR 187 Privacy Considerations
-------------------------------

1. Meta-question: is it for implementers or statement of limitations? 
1. Should generally applicable advice be removed or should it stay for its usefulness? 
1. Can it include informational references to publicly available but not free documents? 
1. Is it OK to be all "should" or should some of them be "shall"? 



AOB
==========================


The meeting was adjourned at 15:04 UTC.