============================================
FAPI WG Meeting Notes (2021-03-31) 
============================================
* Date & Time: 2020-03-31 14:00 UTC
* Location: GoToMeeting https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/321819862
* Note URI: https://bitbucket.org/openid/fapi/wiki/edit/FAPI_Meeting_Notes_2020-09-30_Atlantic

.. sectnum:: 
   :suffix: .

.. contents:: Agenda

The meeting was called to order at 14:__ UTC. 

Roll Call 
===========
* Attending: Nat, Dave, Don, Taylor, Kosuke, Lukasz, Daniel, Dima, Francis, Joseph, Chris
* Regrets: 
* Guest: 

Adoption of Agenda (Nat)
===========================
* 


External Organizations (Nat)
================================

UK (Don/Ralph)
-----------------
* OBIE new standard is going to be published today. 


Events (Nat)
======================
FDX Global Summit Apr. 15 (Don)
----------------------------------
* Several FAPI WG members are presenting. 
* Hopefully, FDX will make an announcement about FAPI. 


PRs (Nat)
===================
PR257: Add non-normative document containing changes in FAPI1 Final (Joseph)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Accepted and merged into the repo by the consensus of the group as a starting document. 

Issues (Nat)
===============

AOB (Nat)
=============


Chat Log
============